A company's HTTP application is behind a Network Load Balancer (NLB). The NLB's target group is configured to use an Amazon
EC2 Auto Scaling group with multiple EC2 instances that run the web service.
The company notices that the NLB is not detecting HTTP errors for the application. These errors require a manual restart of the
EC2 instances that run the web service. The company needs to improve the application's availability without writing custom scripts
or code.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Enable HTTP health checks on the NLB, supplying the URL of the company's application.
B. Add a cron job to the EC2 instances to check the local application's logs once each minute. If HTTP errors are detected. the
application will restart.
C. Replace the NLB with an Application Load Balancer. Enable HTTP health checks by supplying the URL of the company's
application. Configure an Auto Scaling action to replace unhealthy instances. Most Voted
D. Create an Amazon Cloud Watch alarm that monitors the UnhealthyHostCount metric for the NLB. Configure an Auto Scaling
action to replace unhealthy instances when the alarm is in the ALARM state.
Comments
123jhl0 Highly Voted 3 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I would choose A, as NLB supports HTTP and HTTPS Health Checks, BUT you can't put any URL (as proposed), only the node IP addresses.
So, the solution is C.
upvoted 32 times
Ack3rman 3 years, 6 months ago
can you elaborate more pls
upvoted 3 times
BlueVolcano1 3 years, 4 months ago
NLBs support HTTP, HTTPS and TCP health checks:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/target-group-health-checks.html (check HealthCheckProtocol)
But NLBs only accept either selecting EC2 instances or IP addresses directly as targets. You can't provide a URL to your endpoints, only a health
check path (if you're using HTTP or HTTPS health checks).
upvoted 11 times
km142646 3 years, 1 month ago
What's the difference between endpoint URL and health check path?
upvoted 2 times
majubmo 3 years ago
A URL includes the hostname. The health check path is only the path portion. For example,
URL = https://i-0123456789abcdef.us-west-2.compute.internal/index.html
health check path= /index.html
upvoted 15 times
jerryl 1 year, 2 months ago
I think even http health check is feasible, option A does not provide any suggestion when health check fails
upvoted 1 times
ArielSchivo Highly Voted 3 years, 7 months ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (90%)
10%
Selected Answer: C
Option C. NLB works at Layer 4 so it does not support HTTP/HTTPS. The replacement for the ALB is the best choice.
upvoted 20 times
BlueVolcano1 3 years, 4 months ago
That's incorrect. NLB does support HTTP and HTTPS (and TCP) health checks.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/target-group-health-checks.html
There just isn't an answer option that reflects that. My guess is that the question and/or answer options are outdated.
upvoted 8 times
Agatsume 1 year ago
NLB doesnt support HTTP health checks..only TCP
upvoted 1 times
Clouddon Most Recent 11 months, 1 week ago
Selected Answer: C
Switching to an ALB with HTTP health checks enables application-level monitoring and automated recovery, making it the best solution with minimal
operational overhead.
upvoted 2 times
AwsAbhiKumar 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
NLB only supports TCP-level health checks, it cannot detect HTTP errors
upvoted 2 times
satyaammm 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
ALB is more suitable for HTTP requests.
upvoted 3 times
PaulGa 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Ans C - Yup, somethings happening at the Application level so replace NLB with ALB
upvoted 4 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
NLB is for network errors and low level traffic stuff
ALB is for application so C is the only realistic option here
upvoted 9 times
kel2023 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
NLB does support HTTP/HTTPS Health Checks.
I saw other people comments, it seems like the question were rephrased. The comments were highlighting "application URL", but I don't see words
on the question.
upvoted 3 times
ignajtpolandstrong 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
You can use HTTP/HTTPS ONLY when Target is ALB.
By default it is TCP.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/target-group-health-checks.html#health-check-settings
HealthCheckProtocol
The protocol the load balancer uses when performing health checks on targets. The possible protocols are HTTP, HTTPS, and TCP. The default is the
TCP protocol. If the target type is ALB, the supported health check protocols are HTTP and HTTPS.
upvoted 4 times
tom_cruise 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
ALB allows you to specify the path which helps to check the error. NLB cannot do that.
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The key points are:
Use an Application Load Balancer (ALB) instead of a Network Load Balancer (NLB) since ALBs support HTTP health checks.
Configure HTTP health checks on the ALB to monitor the application health.
Use an Auto Scaling action triggered by the ALB health checks to automatically replace unhealthy instances.
upvoted 4 times
miki111 2 years, 10 months ago
Option C is the right answer.
upvoted 1 times
cookieMr 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A. NLB, but NLB's health checks are designed for TCP/UDP protocols and lack the advanced features specific to HTTP applications provided by ALB.
B. This approach involves custom scripting and manual intervention, which contradicts the requirement of not writing custom scripts or code.
D. Since the NLB does not detect HTTP errors, relying solely on the UnhealthyHostCount metric may not accurately capture the health of the
application instances.
Therefore, C is the recommended choice for improving the application's availability without custom scripting or code. By replacing the NLB with an
ALB, enabling HTTP health checks, and configuring Auto Scaling to replace unhealthy instances, the company can ensure that only healthy instances
are serving traffic, enhancing the application's availability automatically.
upvoted 10 times
Gizmo2022 1 year, 6 months ago
Thank you for explaining this, I'm currently studying for the exam and your explanation was helpful.
upvoted 1 times
Abrar2022 3 years ago
Replace the NLB (layer 4 udp and tcp) with an Application Load Balancer - ALB (layer 7) supports http and https requests.
upvoted 1 times
datz 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
must be C
Application availability: NLB cannot assure the availability of the application. This is because it bases its decisions solely on network and TCP-layer
variables and has no awareness of the application at all. Generally, NLB determines availability based on the ability of a server to respond to ICMP
ping or to correctly complete the three-way TCP handshake. ALB goes much deeper and is capable of determining availability based on not only a
successful HTTP GET of a particular page but also the verification that the content is as was expected based on the input parameters.
upvoted 1 times
datz 3 years, 2 months ago
Also A doesn't offer what bellow in C offers...
Configure an Auto Scaling action to replace unhealthy instances
upvoted 1 times
Tony1980 3 years, 4 months ago
Answer is C
A solution architect can use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling health checks to automatically detect and replace unhealthy instances in the EC2 Auto Scaling
group. The health checks can be configured to check the HTTP errors returned by the application and terminate the unhealthy instances. This will
ensure that the application's availability is improved, without requiring custom scripts or code.
upvoted 1 times
aakashkumar1999 3 years, 4 months ago
I will go with A as Network load balancer supports HTTP and HTTPS health checks, maybe the answer is outdated.
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
But you'd need to check the health of the individual nodes, NOT "the URL of the company's application" which points to the Load Balancer.
upvoted 2 times
