A company recently launched Linux-based application instances on Amazon EC2 in a private subnet and launched a Linux-based
bastion host on an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet of a VPC. A solutions architect needs to connect from the on-premises
network, through the company's internet connection, to the bastion host, and to the application servers. The solutions architect
must make sure that the security groups of all the EC2 instances will allow that access.
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Replace the current security group of the bastion host with one that only allows inbound access from the application
instances.
B. Replace the current security group of the bastion host with one that only allows inbound access from the internal IP range
for the company.
C. Replace the current security group of the bastion host with one that only allows inbound access from the external IP range
for the company. Most Voted
D. Replace the current security group of the application instances with one that allows inbound SSH access from only the
private IP address of the bastion host. Most Voted
E. Replace the current security group of the application instances with one that allows inbound SSH access from only the public
IP address of the bastion host.
Comments
Six_Fingered_Jose Highly Voted 3 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: CD
C because from on-prem network to bastion through internet (using on-prem resource's public IP),
D because bastion and ec2 is in same VPC, meaning bastion can communicate to EC2 via it's private IP address
upvoted 51 times
slimen Highly Voted 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: CD
on-prem -----> bastion host (we use internet, means that we need external IPs of the company)
bastion host -----> private subnet (we use private IP since we are in the same AWS network)
upvoted 8 times
PaulGa Most Recent 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: CD
Ans C,D - as per Six_Fingered_Jose (1 year, 10 mth ago)
upvoted 1 times
lofzee 2 years ago
Selected Answer: CD
CD - easy
upvoted 1 times
Anthony_Rodrigues 2 years ago
Selected Answer: CD
I've noticed that it is very important to focus on the logic for the solution, not just services.
For example, in this question, the goal is to access the application instances only from the bastion while keeping them in the private subnet, which
already suggests that the SSH connection must be allowed for the bastion private IP. This is answer D.
Correct Answer: CD
Community vote distribution
CD (93%)
4%
On the other hand, the bastion must accept connections only from the company's premises, which already eliminates option A. Option B is wrong
because internal IP is used only internally; in this case, the connection will be through the internet, which means that it must be the external IP;
therefore, answer C.
upvoted 8 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: CD
C: Bastion in public subnet should only allow access from public IP of the company
D: app instance in private subnet should only allow access from bastion
ABD are wrong choices
Here is a working example on AWS docs if you want to learn about Bastion setup
https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/implementations/linux-bastion/
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
Good way to remember this one is to think of movie scene where someone is visiting a prisoner in a prison and talks to them from behind a glass
using a 2 way phone.
Visitor is in company
Visitor area is public subnet
Prisoner area is private subnet
Phone is bastion
Visitor (company) must only be allowed to use the phone (bastion) from the public area (public subnet) and the phone (bastion) must only be
allowed to talk to the prisoner in the prisoner area (private subnet)
upvoted 25 times
1dfed2b 2 years, 2 months ago
really good explanation!!!
upvoted 5 times
Marco_St 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
the question mentioned from on-prem network to bastion through the company's internet then it should use the internal IP range not external ip
ranges. so BD
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
How would you know the internal IP range of the company? B is wrong.
upvoted 1 times
ATInnovandoJuntos 2 years, 6 months ago
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_address_translation
That`s the reason is C and not B
upvoted 2 times
viru 2 years, 5 months ago
Company's internet is internet - unless its company's intranet
upvoted 2 times
wearrexdzw3123 2 years, 7 months ago
Why are there always such unclear questions?
upvoted 4 times
tom_cruise 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: CD
Key: through the company's internet connection
upvoted 3 times
prabhjot 2 years, 8 months ago
Option B - inbound access from the internal IP range for the company. This step ensures that only internal IP addresses from your company's
network can access the bastion host, enhancing securit and then Option D
upvoted 1 times
Subhrangsu 2 years, 8 months ago
Please check first comments from top of them:
Help2023
WherecanIstart
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: CD
Allows inbound access from the external IP range for the company. Then allow inbound SSH access from only the private IP address of the bastion
host.
upvoted 2 times
cookieMr 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: CD
C. This will restrict access to the bastion host from the specific IP range of the on-premises network, ensuring secure connectivity. This step ensures
that only authorized users from the on-premises network can access the bastion host.
D. This step enables SSH connectivity from the bastion host to the application instances in the private subnet. By allowing inbound SSH access only
from the private IP address of the bastion host, you ensure that SSH access is restricted to the bastion host only.
upvoted 3 times
stanleyjade 3 years, 1 month ago
the internal and external IP range is not clear
upvoted 4 times
PLN6302 2 years, 9 months ago
yes same for me
upvoted 1 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
The admin is supposed to use "the company's Internet connection", NOT a VPN tunnel or DirectConnect. Thus the connection originates from the
company's public/external IP.
upvoted 2 times
km142646 3 years, 1 month ago
The private/public IP address thing is confusing. Ideally, the private instances inbound rule would just allow traffic from the security group of the
bastion host.
upvoted 2 times
Spiffaz 3 years, 3 months ago
Why external and not internal?
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 3 years, 3 months ago
Because the traffic goes through the public internet. In the public internet, public IP(external IP) is used.
upvoted 7 times
Help2023 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: CE
Application is in private subnet
Bastion Host is in public subnet
D does not make sense because the bastion host is in public subnet and they don't have a private IP but only a public IP address attached to them.
The IP wanting to connect is Public as well.
Bastion host in public subnet allows external IP (via internet) of the company to access it. Which than leaves us to give permission to the application
private subnet and for that the private subnet with the application accepts the IP coming from Bastion Host by changing its SG. C&E
upvoted 2 times
WherecanIstart 3 years, 3 months ago
Bastion host in public subnet because it has a public IP and a NAT Gateway that can route traffic out of your AWS VPC but it does have the ability to
access the private subnet using private IP since it's not leaving AWS to access the private subnet. So C&D are the right answers.
upvoted 3 times
sidharthwader 2 years, 3 months ago
You are right E is also fine but its not a best thing to do Using private IP is always better than using public IP unless the situation demands the use
of Public IP.
upvoted 1 times
