A solutions architect is designing a VPC with public and private subnets. The VPC and subnets use IPv4 CIDR blocks. There is one
public subnet and one private subnet in each of three Availability Zones (AZs) for high availability. An internet gateway is used to
provide internet access for the public subnets. The private subnets require access to the internet to allow Amazon EC2 instances to
download software updates.
What should the solutions architect do to enable Internet access for the private subnets?
A. Create three NAT gateways, one for each public subnet in each AZ. Create a private route table for each AZ that forwards
non-VPC traffic to the NAT gateway in its AZ. Most Voted
B. Create three NAT instances, one for each private subnet in each AZ. Create a private route table for each AZ that forwards
non-VPC traffic to the NAT instance in its AZ.
C. Create a second internet gateway on one of the private subnets. Update the route table for the private subnets that forward
non-VPC traffic to the private internet gateway.
D. Create an egress-only internet gateway on one of the public subnets. Update the route table for the private subnets that
forward non-VPC traffic to the egress-only Internet gateway.
Comments
Gil80 Highly Voted 3 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
NAT Instances - OUTDATED BUT CAN STILL APPEAR IN THE EXAM!
However, given that A provides the newer option of NAT Gateway, then A is the correct answer.
B would be correct if NAT Gateway wasn't an option.
upvoted 19 times
Shrestwt 3 years, 1 month ago
NAT instance or NAT Gateway always created in public subnet to provide internet access to private subnet. In option B. they are creating NAT
Instance in private subnet which is not correct.
upvoted 30 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy Highly Voted 3 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The correct answer is option A.
To enable Internet access for the private subnets, the solutions architect should create three NAT gateways, one for each public subnet in each
Availability Zone (AZ). NAT gateways allow private instances to initiate outbound traffic to the Internet but do not allow inbound traffic from the
Internet to reach the private instances.
The solutions architect should then create a private route table for each AZ that forwards non-VPC traffic to the NAT gateway in its AZ. This will allow
instances in the private subnets to access the Internet through the NAT gateways in the public subnets.
upvoted 13 times
SirDNS Most Recent 1 year, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
NAT Gateways always have to part of public subnet. We can then create a destination to these NAT Gateways in the private route table.
upvoted 1 times
satyaammm 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (98%)
2%
NAT Gateways are much better here as they can easily scale and provide high availability. NAT instances cant provide scalability and HA. Internet
Gateway is 2-way and not suitable here. Egress-only is used for IPv6.
upvoted 1 times
kernel1973 1 year, 6 months ago
You have to create 3 NAT gateways but in the private subnet.
Public and Private Subnets are the name of the concept . A public subnet is a subnet with a route to the internet gateway , private subnet doesn't
have a route to the internet gateway.
In this case the private subnets must have the NAT Gateway/NAT Instances , not the public subnet because if we are defined a subnet as public it
means that this subnet has a route to the IG.
upvoted 1 times
87217f5 9 months, 4 weeks ago
NAT GW is deployed in the public subnet I believe..
upvoted 1 times
PaulGa 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Ans A - it can only be A or B and NAT Gateways are preferred over NAT Instances.
upvoted 1 times
jaradat02 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
the correct answer is A, to connect a private subnet to the internet using internet gateways is irrelevant, you have to use either NAT gateway or NAT
instance, and NAT gateway is the better choice.
upvoted 1 times
soufiyane 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Nat instances can do the same except it's not cost effective also it need a lot of managment, going with nat gateways makes more sense
upvoted 1 times
ronin201 2 years, 7 months ago
in Azure there is 1 NAT GW multi AZ, 1 per network, I think this is example for AWS to change
upvoted 1 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
But in AWS a NAT GW is attached to a subnet, and a subnet resides in a single AZ. Can't create multi-AZ NAT GW without changing whole
architecture. You CAN use one NAT GW from multiple subnets in multiple AZs I think, but then it would not be HA.
upvoted 1 times
Ruffyit 2 years, 7 months ago
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-example-private-subnets-nat.html
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The best solution is to create a NAT gateway in each public subnet (one per availability zone), and update the route tables for the private subnets to
send internet traffic to the NAT gateway.
NAT gateways allow private subnets to access the internet for things like software updates, without exposing those instances directly to the internet.
An egress-only internet gateway would allow outbound access, but also allow inbound internet traffic, which is not desired for the private subnets.
upvoted 5 times
james2033 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
"Egress" means outbound connection, remove D. "Second gateway", remove C.
Now has only A and B. The different between A versus B is "1 NAT gateway, 1 for public subnet in each AZ" (A) and "1 NAT gateway, 1 for private
subnet in each AZ" (B).
Choose A.
upvoted 4 times
cookieMr 2 years, 11 months ago
By creating a NAT gateway in each public subnet, the private subnets can route their Internet-bound traffic through the NAT gateways. This allows
EC2 in the private subnets to download software updates and access other resources on the Internet.
Additionally, a separate private route table should be created for each AZ. The private route tables should have a default route that forwards non-
VPC traffic (0.0.0.0/0) to the corresponding NAT gateway in the same AZ. This ensures that the private subnets use the appropriate NAT gateway for
Internet access.
B is incorrect because NAT instances require manual management and configuration compared to NAT gateways, which are a fully managed service.
NAT instances are also being deprecated in favor of NAT gateways.
C is incorrect because creating a second internet gateway on a private subnet is not a valid solution. Internet gateways are associated with public
subnets and cannot be directly associated with private subnets.
D is incorrect because egress-only internet gateways are used for IPv6 traffic.
upvoted 5 times
Jeeva28 3 years ago
NAT Gateway will be created Public Subnet and Provide access to Private Subnet
upvoted 1 times
cheese929 3 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
A is correct.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-example-private-subnets-nat.html
upvoted 2 times
Heric 3 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
Now NAT Instances is avoided by AWS. Then choose the NAT Gateway
upvoted 3 times
alexiscloud 3 years, 2 months ago
A: NAT Gateway
upvoted 1 times
