A company runs an on-premises application that is powered by a MySQL database. The company is migrating the application to
AWS to increase the application's elasticity and availability.
The current architecture shows heavy read activity on the database during times of normal operation. Every 4 hours, the
company's development team pulls a full export of the production database to populate a database in the staging environment.
During this period, users experience unacceptable application latency. The development team is unable to use the staging
environment until the procedure completes.
A solutions architect must recommend replacement architecture that alleviates the application latency issue. The replacement
architecture also must give the development team the ability to continue using the staging environment without delay.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production. Populate the staging database by implementing a
backup and restore process that uses the mysqldump utility.
B. Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production. Use database cloning to create the staging
database on-demand. Most Voted
C. Use Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ deployment and read replicas for production. Use the standby instance for the
staging database.
D. Use Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ deployment and read replicas for production. Populate the staging database
by implementing a backup and restore process that uses the mysqldump utility.
Comments
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy Highly Voted 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The recommended solution is Option B: Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production. Use database cloning to create
the staging database on-demand.
To alleviate the application latency issue, the recommended solution is to use Amazon Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production,
and use database cloning to create the staging database on-demand. This allows the development team to continue using the staging environment
without delay, while also providing elasticity and availability for the production application.
Therefore, Options A, C, and D are not recommended
upvoted 25 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 11 months ago
Option A: Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production. Populating the staging database by implementing a backup
and restore process that uses the mysqldump utility is not the recommended solution because it involves taking a full export of the production
database, which can cause unacceptable application latency.
Option C: Use Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ deployment and read replicas for production. Using the standby instance for the staging
database is not the recommended solution because it does not give the development team the ability to continue using the staging environment
without delay. The standby instance is used for failover in case of a production instance failure, and it is not intended for use as a staging
environment.
upvoted 20 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 11 months ago
Option D: Use Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ deployment and read replicas for production. Populating the staging database by
implementing a backup and restore process that uses the mysqqldump utility is not the recommended solution because it involves taking a full
export of the production database, which can cause unacceptable application latency.
upvoted 9 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (92%)
8%
MutiverseAgent 2 years, 5 months ago
Agree, solution it seems to be the B)
1) Because the company wants "elasticity and availability" as the question mentioned, so I think this leaves us in the two questions related to Aurora
discarding the RDS Mysql solution.
2) Accoding AWS documentation (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Managing.Clone.html)
"Aurora cloning is especially useful for quickly setting up test environments using your production data, without risking data corruption"
upvoted 9 times
arashjs1993 Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
Aura MySQL is very fast in comparison to RDS for creating a clone of DB, you can create a even clone of a clone while you still work on your own
clone, this will allow the dev team continue working during cloning step.
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/amazon-aurora-fast-database-cloning/
upvoted 12 times
Rcosmos Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Conclusão:
A configuração B com o Amazon Aurora MySQL oferece uma solução eficiente, escalável e de alto desempenho, eliminando o problema de latência
do aplicativo e permitindo que a equipe de desenvolvimento use o ambiente de preparo sem atrasos. A clonagem de banco de dados Aurora é a
chave para atender a esses requisitos com o mínimo impacto operacional.
upvoted 1 times
MehulKapadia 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer B:
Few Points about Aurora Database Cloning:
• Create a new Aurora DB Cluster from an existing one
• Faster than snapshot & restore
• Uses copy-on-write protocol
• Very fast & cost-effective
• Useful to create a “staging” database from a “production” database without impacting the production database
upvoted 3 times
ronntsai127 1 year, 8 months ago
When the question did not say about "cost efficient", always choose Aurora MySQL > RDS MySQL, because AWS can earn more money in Aurora
upvoted 3 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I'll go for B
AD: looks time consuming as mysqldump is like a table dump
C: You cannot use a standby for anything apart from read-only database. This would be an option if dev team was specifically using it for read-only
mode.
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/readable-standby-instances-in-amazon-rds-multi-az-deployments-a-new-high-availability-option/
upvoted 2 times
Ruffyit 2 years, 1 month ago
B. With Aurora, you can create a clone of the production database quickly and efficiently, without the need for time-consuming backup and restore
processes. The development team can spin up the staging database on-demand, eliminating delays and allowing them to continue using the staging
environment without interruption.
upvoted 2 times
Modulopi 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is the correct
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
No mention of cost, so technically both options B & C would work.
C. https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/readable-standby-instances-in-amazon-rds-multi-az-deployments-a-new-high-availability-
option/#:~:text=read%20replicas.-,Amazon%20RDS,-now%20offers%20Multi
B.https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Managing.Clone.html#:~:text=cloning%20works.-,Aurora%20cloning,-
is%20especially%20useful
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B is the best solution that meets all the requirements:
Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production. Use database cloning to create the staging database on-demand.
The key requirements are to:
Alleviate application latency caused by database exports
Give development immediate access to a staging environment
Aurora Multi-AZ replicas improves availability and provides fast failover.
Database cloning creates an instantly available copy of the production database that can be used for staging. This avoids any export or restoration
del
upvoted 2 times
cookieMr 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A. Populating the staging database through a backup and restore process using the mysqldump utility would still result in delays and impact
application latency.
B. With Aurora, you can create a clone of the production database quickly and efficiently, without the need for time-consuming backup and restore
processes. The development team can spin up the staging database on-demand, eliminating delays and allowing them to continue using the staging
environment without interruption.
C. Using the standby instance for the staging database would not provide the development team with the ability to use the staging environment
without delay. The standby instance is designed for failover purposes and may not be readily available for immediate use.
D. Relying on a backup and restore process using the mysqldump utility would still introduce delays and impact application latency during the data
population phase.
upvoted 3 times
linux_admin 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
With Amazon Aurora MySQL, creating a staging database using database cloning is an easy process. Using database cloning will eliminate the
performance issues that occur when a full export is done, and the new database is created. In addition, Amazon Aurora's high availability is provided
through Multi-AZ deployment, and read replicas can be used to serve the heavy read traffic without affecting the production database. This solution
provides better scalability, elasticity, and availability than the current architecture.
upvoted 5 times
alexiscloud 2 years, 8 months ago
Answer B:
upvoted 1 times
bdp123 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/amazon-aurora-fast-database-cloning/
upvoted 3 times
john2323 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Database cloning is the best answer
upvoted 1 times
techhb 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Database cloning is right answer here.
upvoted 1 times
career360guru 2 years, 12 months ago
Option B is right.
You can not access Standby instance for Read in RDS Multi-AZ Deployments.
upvoted 4 times
aadi7 2 years, 11 months ago
This is correct, stand by instances cannot be used for read/write and is for failover targets. Read Replicas can be used for that so B is correct.
upvoted 3 times
aadi7 2 years, 11 months ago
In a RDS Multi-AZ deployment, you can use the standby instance for read-only purposes, such as running queries and reporting. This is known as a
"read replica." You can create one or more read replicas of a DB instance and use them to offload read traffic from the primary instance.
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2018/01/amazon-rds-read-replicas-now-support-multi-az-deployments/
upvoted 4 times
