A company runs its workloads on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). The container images that the ECS task
definition uses need to be scanned for Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs). New container images that are created also
need to be scanned.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the FEWEST changes to the workloads?
A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR) as a private image repository to store the container images. Specify
scan on push filters for the ECR basic scan. Most Voted
B. Store the container images in an Amazon S3 bucket. Use Amazon Macie to scan the images. Use an S3 Event Notification to
initiate a Macie scan for every event with an s3:ObjectCreated:Put event type.
C. Deploy the workloads to Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). Use Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon
ECR) as a private image repository. Specify scan on push filters for the ECR enhanced scan.
D. Store the container images in an Amazon S3 bucket that has versioning enabled. Configure an S3 Event Notification for
s3:ObjectCreated:* events to invoke an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to initiate an Amazon Inspector
scan.
Comments
1dd Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
need less workload changes and CVEs
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/image-scanning.html
upvoted 9 times
xBUGx Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
FEWEST changes to the workloads and scan CVE is enough. A looks OK.
upvoted 6 times
zdi561 Most Recent 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A is not right because ECR basic scan only scan OS. in B enhanced scan does scan app packages but it is required to run EKS. D is simpler.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Amazon ECR: Designed for storing container images, integrates seamlessly with Amazon ECS.
Scan on Push: Automatically scans images for vulnerabilities (CVEs) when they are uploaded. This is built-in functionality and requires minimal
changes to existing workflows.
Fewest Changes: Existing ECS workloads can directly pull images from ECR without modification to the workloads themselves.
B - Amazon Macie focuses on data discovery and classification (such as identifying sensitive data in S3 buckets), not container image vulnerabilities.
C - Result-wise OK, but switching from ECS to EKS is unnecessary and involves a steep learning curve and operational overhead.
D - Result-wise OK. Amazon Inspector can scan for vulnerabilities, but this is too complex and requires a custom setup, including using S3 and
Lambda to trigger scans.
upvoted 2 times
sandordini 1 year, 7 months ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (96%)
4%
Selected Answer: A
Basic scan looks for Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs)
upvoted 5 times