A data analytics company has 80 offices that are distributed globally. Each office hosts 1 PB of data and has between 1 and 2 Gbps
of internet bandwidth.
The company needs to perform a one-time migration of a large amount of data from its offices to Amazon S3. The company must
complete the migration within 4 weeks.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Establish a new 10 Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection to each office. Transfer the data to Amazon S3.
B. Use multiple AWS Snowball Edge storage-optimized devices to store and transfer the data to Amazon S3. Most Voted
C. Use an AWS Snowmobile to store and transfer the data to Amazon S3.
D. Set up an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway to transfer the data to Amazon S3.
Comments
mestule Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B because too many offices that are geographically separated.
"data analytics company has 80 offices that are distributed globally."
upvoted 16 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Nice spot...completely missed that part !!
upvoted 4 times
MatAlves Most Recent 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AWS Snowmobile: ideal for migrating big datasets containing 10PB or more and stored in one location. Snowmobile can help you migrate all of
these large datasets at once, but the process requires a high-speed backbone with hundreds of Gb/s of spare throughput.
AWS Snowball: ideal for datasets storing less than 10PB or datasets distributed across multiple locations. You can use Snowball to migrate data
incrementally—this is a good alternative if you do not have enough bandwidth on the network backbone.
https://bluexp.netapp.com/blog/aws-cvo-blg-aws-snowball-vs-snowmobile-data-migration-options-comparedwork backbone.
upvoted 3 times
ccceb01 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
10 Snowball price (100TB x 10) still cheaper then 1 Snowmobile price ($4,100 plus additional cost for data transfer)
upvoted 2 times
aditianand 2 years ago
Why not D? Why not AWS storage gateway? With 1Gbps, they can transfer 1.25 GBPS which translates to 2.8 PB in 4 weeks. They need just 1 PB to be
transferred
upvoted 2 times
buzzinmumbai 2 years, 1 month ago
As of March 2024 AWS has stopped offering snowmobile as a service .So B is the right answer.Hopefully they don't ask this question :)
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (91%)
9%
Tanidanindo 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Too large for snowball devices.
upvoted 2 times
Naveena_Devanga 2 years, 3 months ago
Option C,
An AWS Snowmobile has a maximum storage capacity of 100 petabytes (PB). This is equivalent to the capacity of 1,250 Snowball Edge devices
upvoted 1 times
HarryLopez 2 years, 3 months ago
but there are many offices geographically distributed, so snowmobile for each one of them adds up to a lot of cost as compared to option B).
upvoted 3 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Snowmobile advised over 10PB! Definitely snowball
upvoted 1 times
chefKC 2 years, 4 months ago
option B
upvoted 2 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option C looks good, as option B would lead to usage of too many snowball devices.
upvoted 2 times