A company runs an ecommerce application on AWS. Amazon EC2 instances process purchases and store the purchase details in an
Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster.
Customers are experiencing application timeouts during times of peak usage. A solutions architect needs to rearchitect the
application so that the application can scale to meet peak usage demands.
Which combination of actions will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose two.)
A. Configure an Auto Scaling group of new EC2 instances to retry the purchases until the processing is complete. Update the
applications to connect to the DB cluster by using Amazon RDS Proxy. Most Voted
B. Configure the application to use an Amazon ElastiCache cluster in front of the Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster.
C. Update the application to send the purchase requests to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Configure
an Auto Scaling group of new EC2 instances that read from the SQS queue. Most Voted
D. Configure an AWS Lambda function to retry the ticket purchases until the processing is complete.
E. Configure an Amazon AP! Gateway REST API with a usage plan.
Comments
sandordini Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: AC
A) uses RDS Proxy which is mainly for connection pooling and availability issues. Proxy is for too many connections(, not for performance: read
replicas, caching)
B is caching which is designed for solving read-issues. (Here we have timeouts, and connection issues.)
C: SQS is good method for decoupling.
upvoted 9 times
Abdullah_Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: BC
i think it's BC
upvoted 6 times
ln2718 Most Recent 10 months, 1 week ago
Selected Answer: AC
The answers should be A and C for the reasons stated in the discussion
upvoted 1 times
0dd48f2 11 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
B - Caching to improve the read-issues
C- SQS decoupling to avoid retrying the purchase
Even though option A could help by using RDS Proxy for connection pooling, the first part of this option relates to retry the purchase which is not
necessary because of SQS.
upvoted 1 times
7dcef09 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: BC
BC are better answers.
B improves perfomance which mitigates the application timeouts during times of peak usage.
Correct Answer: AC
Community vote distribution
AC (47%)
BC (44%)
9%
C decouples the workload.
upvoted 1 times
tch 1 year, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
application timeouts... not database connection timeout
upvoted 1 times
nadeerm 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
Amazon ElastiCache (Option B): ElastiCache can cache frequently accessed data, reducing the load on the Aurora PostgreSQL database. This improve
read performance and reduces latency, which helps handle peak traffic more efficiently.
Amazon SQS with Auto Scaling (Option C): By sending purchase requests to an SQS queue, the application can decouple the front-end from the
back-end processing. An Auto Scaling group of EC2 instances can process messages from the queue, ensuring that the system scales dynamically
based on demand. This approach ensures that purchase requests are processed asynchronously, reducing the likelihood of timeouts during peak
usage.
upvoted 1 times
ieffiong 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
Combining A&C just leads to redundant auto scaling groups especially when you have SQS configured already. The question talks about
combination of actions.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
A - RDS Proxy improves scalability and database connection pooling.
B - Only helpful for read-heavy workloads. This question indicates "purchase transactions" (writes), so the main bottleneck is still there.
C - SQS allows for better handling of bursts in traffic by queueing requests (which is also true for so many questions before #879).
D - Cost-prohibitive at scale due to high invocation rates. And lambda is not suitable for long-running operations like database transactions.
E - Irrelevant.
upvoted 2 times
GOTJ 1 year, 3 months ago
Even though your RDS proxy approach is correct, by choosing "AC" you are configuring two ASGs: one to process the purchase (option C) and one
for... Retry the purchase (?) (option A) This is not cost effective
In my opinion, designing architectures specifically to "retry" transactions (options AD), specially with timeout issues, is something that everyone
should avoid, as it can easily degeneres into the "snowball" effect
upvoted 2 times
EllenLiu 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
why not choose B? C is wired design.
upvoted 1 times
Cpso 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
As a developer choose both A&C is wired? while we use SQS solution to buffer request before handle by EC2 fleet. why we need EC2 in front of SQS
from A.? what of thier propose.
upvoted 2 times
XXXXXlNN 1 year, 7 months ago
BC.
Not idea why retry helps in this scenario besides it adds more complexity into the current design and also doesn't resolve the avalibility issue...
upvoted 4 times
b3b5fdd 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
B and C!
upvoted 1 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
A - simply pointless.
B- You're already using SQS (C), so why using ec2 to "retry the purchase"? They will stay in the queue until the purchase is processed. Otherwise, they
will simply return to the queue.
C - This decouples the application from direct database calls, allowing the processing of purchase requests to scale independently and manage load
more effectively.
upvoted 2 times
pujithacg8 1 year, 10 months ago
when we have SQS in option C why do you have to retry it again
I think the answer is B and C
upvoted 4 times
EdricHoang 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
Combine SQS and auto-scaling EC2:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/as-using-sqs-queue.html
upvoted 3 times