A company is planning to run a group of Amazon EC2 instances that connect to an Amazon Aurora database. The company has
built an AWS CloudFormation template to deploy the EC2 instances and the Aurora DB cluster. The company wants to allow the
instances to authenticate to the database in a secure way. The company does not want to maintain static database credentials.
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational effort?
A. Create a database user with a user name and password. Add parameters for the database user name and password to the
CloudFormation template. Pass the parameters to the EC2 instances when the instances are launched.
B. Create a database user with a user name and password. Store the user name and password in AWS Systems Manager
Parameter Store. Configure the EC2 instances to retrieve the database credentials from Parameter Store.
C. Configure the DB cluster to use IAM database authentication. Create a database user to use with IAM authentication.
Associate a role with the EC2 instances to allow applications on the instances to access the database. Most Voted
D. Configure the DB cluster to use IAM database authentication with an IAM user. Create a database user that has a name that
matches the IAM user. Associate the IAM user with the EC2 instances to allow applications on the instances to access the
database.
Comments
Hkayne Highly Voted 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Using IAM database authentication and associate a role with the EC2 instances is the least operational effort.
upvoted 7 times
Scheldon Highly Voted 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC
Customer would like to not manage password rotation from my understanding, hence A and B are not the best solution here. I don't think we can
associate IAM user with EC2 instance, but we can associate IAM role.
In summary C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_use_switch-role-ec2.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/UsingWithRDS.IAMDBAuth.html
upvoted 5 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)