A financial services company that runs on AWS has designed its security controls to meet industry standards. The industry
standards include the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and the Payment Card Industry Data Security
Standard (PCI DSS).
The company's third-party auditors need proof that the designed controls have been implemented and are functioning correctly.
The company has hundreds of AWS accounts in a single organization in AWS Organizations. The company needs to monitor the
current state of the controls across accounts.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Designate one account as the Amazon Inspector delegated administrator account from the Organizations management
account. Integrate Inspector with Organizations to discover and scan resources across all AWS accounts. Enable Inspector
industry standards for NIST and PCI DSS.
B. Designate one account as the Amazon GuardDuty delegated administrator account from the Organizations management
account. In the designated GuardDuty administrator account, enable GuardDuty to protect all member accounts. Enable
GuardDuty industry standards for NIST and PCI DSS.
C. Configure an AWS CloudTrail organization trail in the Organizations management account. Designate one account as the
compliance account. Enable CloudTrail security standards for NIST and PCI DSS in the compliance account.
D. Designate one account as the AWS Security Hub delegated administrator account from the Organizations management
account. In the designated Security Hub administrator account, enable Security Hub for all member accounts. Enable Security
Hub standards for NIST and PCI DSS. Most Voted
Comments
sandordini Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
Security Hub: assess your AWS environment against security industry standards and best practices.
upvoted 7 times
mk168898 Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
security industry standards => security hub
upvoted 2 times
Johnoppong101 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
NIST, PCI DSS Compliance + AWS accounts -> Security Hub
upvoted 2 times
Kaula 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/what-is-securityhub.html
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)