A company uses Amazon S3 to host its static website. The company wants to add a contact form to the webpage. The contact
form will have dynamic server-side components for users to input their name, email address, phone number, and user message.
The company expects fewer than 100 site visits each month. The contact form must notify the company by email when a customer
fills out the form.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Host the dynamic contact form in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Set up Amazon Simple Email Service
(Amazon SES) to connect to a third-party email provider.
B. Create an Amazon API Gateway endpoint that returns the contact form from an AWS Lambda function. Configure another
Lambda function on the API Gateway to publish a message to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic.
Most Voted
C. Host the website by using AWS Amplify Hosting for static content and dynamic content. Use server-side scripting to build
the contact form. Configure Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to deliver the message to the company.
D. Migrate the website from Amazon S3 to Amazon EC2 instances that run Windows Server. Use Internet Information Services
(IIS) for Windows Server to host the webpage. Use client-side scripting to build the contact form. Integrate the form with
Amazon WorkMail.
Comments
mk168898 1 year, 7 months ago
i see need to notify => SNS
upvoted 2 times
KennethNg923 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: B
as it said "The company expects fewer than 100 site visits each month" and Lambda charge per each time calling it, so i will go for B
upvoted 3 times
EdricHoang 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Limitation is 100 submission a month, not frequent -> Lambda
upvoted 3 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
AnswerB
API gateway + Lambda seems to be the best option expecially when SNS is in use which is specially created to push messaged to the subscribers
(company appropraiate team in this situation)
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
Hkayne 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
B is the right answer
upvoted 2 times