A financial company needs to handle highly sensitive data. The company will store the data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company
needs to ensure that the data is encrypted in transit and at rest. The company must manage the encryption keys outside the AWS
Cloud.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Encrypt the data in the S3 bucket with server-side encryption (SSE) that uses an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
customer managed key.
B. Encrypt the data in the S3 bucket with server-side encryption (SSE) that uses an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
AWS managed key.
C. Encrypt the data in the S3 bucket with the default server-side encryption (SSE).
D. Encrypt the data at the company's data center before storing the data in the S3 bucket. Most Voted
Comments
Johnoppong101 Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
You get to do it, keep moving...
upvoted 6 times
srcntpc Most Recent 1 year ago
Selected Answer: D
D for sure
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: D
AnswerD
Hence we need to encrypt data not only during the rest but during the transfer as well, we need execute client-side encyprion. SSE will only secure
data during rest hence we can eliminate A,B and C.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingClientSideEncryption.html
upvoted 1 times
chasingsummer 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Given the requirement to manage encryption keys outside the AWS Cloud, option D is the most suitable solution, despite not directly utilizing AWS's
native encryption services like SSE with AWS KMS. Instead, it leverages external encryption mechanisms controlled by the company.
upvoted 4 times
rondelldell 2 years, 2 months ago
A Key is safe but came from the customer
upvoted 2 times
Mikado211 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A, B and C need to have the key stored in AWS cloud.
D is correct.
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
osmk 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Client-side encryption – You encrypt your data client-side and upload the encrypted data to Amazon S3. In this case, you manage the encryption
process, encryption keys, and related tools.https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingClientSideEncryption.html
upvoted 3 times
giovanna_mag 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
For me it's D, it's the only one that provides encryption also in transit
upvoted 2 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
A looks correct
upvoted 3 times