A company's marketing data is uploaded from multiple sources to an Amazon S3 bucket. A series of data preparation jobs
aggregate the data for reporting. The data preparation jobs need to run at regular intervals in parallel. A few jobs need to run in a
specific order later.
The company wants to remove the operational overhead of job error handling, retry logic, and state management.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use an AWS Lambda function to process the data as soon as the data is uploaded to the S3 bucket. Invoke other Lambda
functions at regularly scheduled intervals.
B. Use Amazon Athena to process the data. Use Amazon EventBridge Scheduler to invoke Athena on a regular internal.
C. Use AWS Glue DataBrew to process the data. Use an AWS Step Functions state machine to run the DataBrew data
preparation jobs. Most Voted
D. Use AWS Data Pipeline to process the data. Schedule Data Pipeline to process the data once at midnight.
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option C
upvoted 9 times
FlyingHawk Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Both c and d are workable, but AWS Data Pipeline is considered outdated because AWS has introduced newer, more efficient, and serverless
alternatives for data orchestration and ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) tasks. While AWS Data Pipeline is still available, it is not actively promoted or
updated by AWS, and many companies have shifted to AWS Glue, Step Functions, and EventBridge for data workflow automation.
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/build-event-driven-data-quality-pipelines-with-aws-glue-databrew/
upvoted 3 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A - Lambda function alone is incompetent for retries or running in a specific order.
B - Athena cannot automatically handle errors or running in a specific order.
C - YES and fully managed. See below.
D - Data Pipeline with retries and error handling is A LOT OF WORK.
Takeaway:
1. Glue DataBrew simplifies the data preparation process with a visual interface, and it integrates with S3 for input/output.
2. Step Functions efficiently manages parallel and sequential workflows while minimizing operational overhead for state management, error handling
and retries.
upvoted 4 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC
With Step Functions' built-in controls, you can examine the state of each step in your workflow to make sure that your application runs in order and
as expected.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/welcome.html
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
AWS Glue is a serverless data integration service that makes it easy for analytics users to discover, prepare, move, and integrate data from multiple
sources.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/glue/latest/dg/what-is-glue.html
upvoted 3 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
c looks correct
upvoted 3 times