A company uses AWS Organizations for its multi-account AWS setup. The security organizational unit (OU) of the company needs
to share approved Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) with the development OU. The AMIs are created by using AWS Key
Management Service (AWS KMS) encrypted snapshots.
Which solution will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Add the development team's OU Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to the launch permission list for the AMIs. Most Voted
B. Add the Organizations root Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to the launch permission list for the AMIs.
C. Update the key policy to allow the development team's OU to use the AWS KMS keys that are used to decrypt the
snapshots. Most Voted
D. Add the development team’s account Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to the launch permission list for the AMIs.
E. Recreate the AWS KMS key. Add a key policy to allow the Organizations root Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to use the AWS
KMS key.
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Changing to options AC
upvoted 13 times
osmk Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
c=>https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/share-amis-with-organizations-and-OUs.html#allow-org-ou-to-use-key
A-->https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/share-amis-with-organizations-and-OUs.html#share-amis-org-ou
upvoted 5 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
A - The security OU is explicitly allowing the development OU to use the AMI.
B - OK but too broad, and not secure.
C - Now they can use the encrypted snapshots.
D - Would be too much trouble if there are many accounts. A is enough.
E - Recreate the AWS KMS key? Uhm, why?
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
AnswerAC
Option A will allow to run/lunch AMIs
Option C will allow to decript AMIs which is necessery to run AMI.
upvoted 2 times
cjace 1 year, 12 months ago
CD - Solution C: Update the Key Policy
Why: The AMIs are created using KMS-encrypted snapshots, so the KMS keys must allow the development team's accounts to use these keys for
decrypting the snapshots.
How: Update the key policy of the KMS key to include permissions for the development OU or specific accounts within that OU. This will enable thos
accounts to use the KMS key for decrypting the snapshots associated with the AMIs.
Correct Answer: AC
Community vote distribution
AC (100%)
Solution D: Add the Development Team’s Account ARN to the Launch Permission List
Why: To share the AMIs with the development accounts, you need to grant launch permissions to those accounts. This allows the specified accounts
to use the shared AMIs to launch instances.
How: Add the ARNs of the development team's accounts to the launch permission list of the AMIs. This can be done using the modify-image-
attribute command in the AWS CLI, specifying the account IDs that should have launch permissions.
upvoted 1 times
Mikado211 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
A : give users the right to launch
C : give users the right to decrypt
upvoted 4 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option CD
upvoted 1 times