A solutions architect is designing a payment processing application that runs on AWS Lambda in private subnets across multiple
Availability Zones. The application uses multiple Lambda functions and processes millions of transactions each day.
The architecture must ensure that the application does not process duplicate payments.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use Lambda to retrieve all due payments. Publish the due payments to an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure the S3 bucket with
an event notification to invoke another Lambda function to process the due payments.
B. Use Lambda to retrieve all due payments. Publish the due payments to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
queue. Configure another Lambda function to poll the SQS queue and to process the due payments.
C. Use Lambda to retrieve all due payments. Publish the due payments to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
FIFO queue. Configure another Lambda function to poll the FIFO queue and to process the due payments. Most Voted
D. Use Lambda to retrieve all due payments. Store the due payments in an Amazon DynamoDB table. Configure streams on
the DynamoDB table to invoke another Lambda function to process the due payments.
Comments
hajra313 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Standard queues provide at-least-once delivery, which means that each message is delivered at least once.
FIFO queues provide exactly-once processing , which means that each message is delivered once and remains available until a consumer processes it
and deletes it. Duplicates are not introduced into the queue. OPTION C
upvoted 18 times
Scheldon Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC
SQS FIFO was created for such tasks
Unlike standard queues, FIFO queues don't introduce duplicate messages. FIFO queues help you avoid sending duplicates to a queue. If you retry the
SendMessage action within the 5-minute deduplication interval, Amazon SQS doesn't introduce any duplicates into the queue.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/FIFO-queues-exactly-once-processing.html
upvoted 3 times
escalibran 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C over D, because
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/with-ddb.html Processing dynamo streams with lambda can cause duplication.
SQS FIFO can be configured for High Throughput to exceed the 3000/s (batched) limit
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/high-throughput-fifo.html
I previously worked with payments and would argue that either option doesn't fully solve duplications. Events might be sent multiple times from
source, you definitely want to perform de-duplication and have some sort of idempotent processing for them, instead of just blindly processing each
thing you're given.
upvoted 3 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (82%)
D (18%)
c is correct
upvoted 2 times
shahreh1 2 years, 3 months ago
Option C:
FIFO queues
Exactly-Once Processing – A message is delivered once and remains available until a consumer processes and deletes it. Duplicates aren't introduced
into the queue.
First-In-First-Out Delivery – The order in which messages are sent and received is strictly preserved.
upvoted 2 times
FZA24 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Option C Fifo
upvoted 3 times
Mikado211 2 years, 3 months ago
SQS can have duplicate messages in case of problems with the timeout window.
upvoted 2 times
haci 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
"The application does not process duplicate payments" is the key point, which leads us directly to SQS FIFO
upvoted 3 times
Cali182 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Option D
DynamoDB Streams helps ensure the following:
Each stream record appears exactly once in the stream.
For each item that is modified in a DynamoDB table, the stream records appear in the same sequence as the actual modifications to the item.
DynamoDB Streams writes stream records in near-real time so that you can build applications that consume these streams and take action based on
the contents.
upvoted 3 times
jaswantn 2 years, 3 months ago
Option D...If you need to handle millions of transactions each day, you might need to consider other approach instead of SQS FIFO. And amongst
the given options, we have DynmamoDB that maintains order in the streams.
upvoted 1 times
NayeraB 2 years, 3 months ago
I'm not sure if the answer is DynamoDB as well, but answering your question, SQS Fifo can handle 300 messages/second without batching, 3,000
messages/second with batching. Assuming we're using the 300/sec option, with 86,400 seconds in a day, that gives you 25,920,000 messages, so
in short, yes SQS can handle millions of requests each day.
Not to mention DynamoDB doesn't provide the exactly-once processing the SQS offer and clearly requested in the question. That's just my train o
thought, I'm happy to be corrected.
upvoted 3 times
jaswantn 2 years, 3 months ago
Dynamodb streams with partition key can be used to implement exactly once processing. There are many options with dynamodb to check for
already processed item, and can be filtered out so that they are processed only once.
upvoted 1 times
jaswantn 2 years, 3 months ago
This calculation limits the number of transactions to 25 million a day. What if there are transactions exceeding this limit? As question say ....
millions of transactions a day; that could be 70,80 or 90 millions also. In that case how SQS FIFO would perform?
Happy to be corrected with more convincing facts
upvoted 1 times
c3c7e62 1 year, 1 month ago
It seems that DynamoDB Streams deduplication is not guaranteed -
"A Lambda consumer for a DynamoDB stream doesn't guarantee exactly once delivery and may lead to occasional duplicates. Make sure your
Lambda function code is idempotent to prevent unexpected issues from arising because of duplicate processing."
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Streams.Lambda.BestPracticesWithDynamoDB.html
upvoted 1 times
kempes 2 years, 4 months ago
Option c
upvoted 2 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option B
upvoted 1 times