An online gaming company hosts its platform on Amazon EC2 instances behind Network Load Balancers (NLBs) across multiple
AWS Regions. The NLBs can route requests to targets over the internet. The company wants to improve the customer playing
experience by reducing end-to-end load time for its global customer base.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in each Region to replace the existing NLBs. Register the existing EC2 instances as
targets for the ALBs in each Region.
B. Configure Amazon Route 53 to route equally weighted traffic to the NLBs in each Region.
C. Create additional NLBs and EC2 instances in other Regions where the company has large customer bases.
D. Create a standard accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator. Configure the existing NLBs as target endpoints. Most Voted
Comments
Mikado211 Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
In such situation if you had an ALB you would use Cloudfront
Since you have a NLB you use AWS Global Accelerator
So D.
upvoted 8 times
asdfcdsxdfc Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Should be D
upvoted 5 times
Scheldon Most Recent 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
AnswerD
Usage of Global Accelerator should help here.
"
Acceleration for latency-sensitive applications
Many applications, especially in areas such as gaming, media, mobile apps, ad-tech, and financials, require very low latency for a great user
experience. To improve the user experience, Global Accelerator directs user traffic to the application endpoint that is nearest to the client, which
reduces internet latency and jitter. Global Accelerator routes traffic to the closest edge location by using Anycast, and then routes it to the closest
regional endpoint over the AWS global network. Global Accelerator quickly reacts to changes in network performance to improve your users’
application performance.
"
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/global-accelerator/latest/dg/introduction-benefits-of-migrating.html
upvoted 3 times
seetpt 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Agree with D
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)