A company wants to analyze and generate reports to track the usage of its mobile app. The app is popular and has a global user
base. The company uses a custom report building program to analyze application usage.
The program generates multiple reports during the last week of each month. The program takes less than 10 minutes to produce
each report. The company rarely uses the program to generate reports outside of the last week of each month The company
wants to generate reports in the least amount of time when the reports are requested.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Run the program by using Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to start the EC2
instances when reports are requested. Run the EC2 instances continuously during the last week of each month.
B. Run the program in AWS Lambda. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to run a Lambda function when reports are
requested. Most Voted
C. Run the program in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Schedule Amazon ECS to run the program when
reports are requested.
D. Run the program by using Amazon EC2 Spot Instances. Create an Amazon EventBndge rule to start the EC2 instances when
reports are requested. Run the EC2 instances continuously during the last week of each month.
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option B
upvoted 6 times
ogerber 2 years, 3 months ago
not sure because it says that the program producues several reports , and each takes less than 10 min. i am voting for option A
upvoted 2 times
1dd 2 years, 3 months ago
Lambda takes duration--> 15 minutes
upvoted 1 times
FZA24 2 years, 3 months ago
each lambda triggering produces a report in less than 10 mins.
upvoted 4 times
LuongTo 1 year, 7 months ago
can lambda host the "custom report building program" ?
upvoted 2 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - The task only runs for 10 minutes per report. Why would you need an EC2 instance?
B - No infrastructure to manage. Love it.
C - Works, but cost more than B and is more complex to set up than B.
D - More cost-effective than A, but spot instances can be interrupted, probably causing delays in report generation.
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (82%)
C (18%)
agbor_tambe 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is correct
upvoted 2 times
EdricHoang 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
"The program takes less than 10 minutes to produce each report. The company rarely uses the program to generate reports outside of the last week
of each month The company wants to generate reports in the least amount of time when the reports are requested."
I go for B because of this
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC
Option A and D are saying abount Running the EC2 instances countinously during the last week of each month which is not necessery from my
understanding and will be not so cheap.
Option B - 10min per report and we have couple of reports. So it looks like program is running for at least 20 min so in theory Lambda is not useful
here
Option C - ECS is allowing us to run Fargate which will allow to run program for more then 15 min, hence all reports which program is preparing
should be created. I'm not sure but I think ECS API is allowing to run task on demand/request.
upvoted 2 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
It's "15 minutes per execution", which is enough to produce a report and be ready for another invocation.
upvoted 2 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is corre ct
upvoted 2 times
NayeraB 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B..maybe?
upvoted 2 times