A company wants to deploy its containerized application workloads to a VPC across three Availability Zones. The company needs a
solution that is highly available across Availability Zones. The solution must require minimal changes to the application.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Configure Amazon ECS Service Auto Scaling to use target tracking
scaling. Set the minimum capacity to 3. Set the task placement strategy type to spread with an Availability Zone attribute.
Most Voted
B. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) self-managed nodes. Configure Application Auto Scaling to use target
tracking scaling. Set the minimum capacity to 3.
C. Use Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances. Launch three EC2 instances in a spread placement group. Configure an Auto Scaling
group to use target tracking scaling. Set the minimum capacity to 3.
D. Use an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to connect to a VPC. Configure Application Auto Scaling to
use Lambda as a scalable target. Set the minimum capacity to 3.
Comments
osmk Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Amazon EKS self-managed nodes require you to manually install and configure the Kubernetes node components, such as kubelet, kube-proxy, and
Docker, on your Amazon EC2 instances. You also need to manage the security group, IAM role, and subnet for your node group. Amazon ECS
handles these tasks for you when you use the Amazon EC2 launch type .
upvoted 9 times
EdricHoang 1 year, 11 months ago
but it requires minimum change in application. I believe when changing to ECS, its a huge change
upvoted 1 times
ajwksdldfgdsg Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Containerized.. = ECS
upvoted 1 times
1dd 2 years, 3 months ago
why not lambda?
upvoted 1 times
khoahoang 2 years, 2 months ago
lamda dont have containerized
upvoted 2 times
Sergiuss95 2 years, 1 month ago
Containerized... The solution must require minimal changes to the application.
upvoted 1 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option A
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)