A social media company is creating a rewards program website for its users. The company gives users points when users create
and upload videos to the website. Users redeem their points for gifts or discounts from the company's affiliated partners. A unique
ID identifies users. The partners refer to this ID to verify user eligibility for rewards.
The partners want to receive notification of user IDs through an HTTP endpoint when the company gives users points. Hundreds
of vendors are interested in becoming affiliated partners every day. The company wants to design an architecture that gives the
website the ability to add partners rapidly in a scalable way.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST implementation effort?
A. Create an Amazon Timestream database to keep a list of affiliated partners. Implement an AWS Lambda function to read the
list. Configure the Lambda function to send user IDs to each partner when the company gives users points.
B. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Choose an endpoint protocol. Subscribe the partners to
the topic. Publish user IDs to the topic when the company gives users points. Most Voted
C. Create an AWS Step Functions state machine. Create a task for every affiliated partner. Invoke the state machine with user
IDs as input when the company gives users points.
D. Create a data stream in Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Implement producer and consumer applications. Store a list of
affiliated partners in the data stream. Send user IDs when the company gives users points.
Comments
kempes Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
SNS is designed for precisely this kind of use case. It allows you to publish messages to a topic, which can then be delivered to multiple subscribers.
Partners can subscribe to the SNS topic using an HTTP endpoint as the protocol, which meets the requirement to notify partners via an HTTP
endpoint. This approach is highly scalable and requires the least implementation effort because it leverages managed services without the need for
custom logic to manage subscriptions or deliver notifications.
upvoted 13 times
hajra313 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option A involves creating an Amazon Timestream database to store affiliated partners and implementing an AWS Lambda function to read the list
and send user IDs to each partner. While this approach can work, it involves more implementation effort than the Amazon SNS solution. It requires
setting up and managing a database, as well as configuring the Lambda function to send notifications to partners. The Amazon SNS solution
provides a simpler and more scalable approach for rapidly adding partners and notifying them when users receive points. so answer is B
upvoted 9 times
Scheldon Most Recent 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AnswerB
Sending Notification to multiple subscribers = SNS
Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) is a managed service that provides message delivery from publishers to subscribers (also known
as producers and consumers). Publishers communicate asynchronously with subscribers by sending messages to a topic, which is a logical access
point and communication channel. Clients can subscribe to the SNS topic and receive published messages using a supported endpoint type, such as
Amazon Data Firehose, Amazon SQS, AWS Lambda, HTTP, email, mobile push notifications, and mobile text messages (SMS).
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/welcome.html
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
NayeraB 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
This is a perfect SNS use case
upvoted 3 times
jjcode 2 years, 4 months ago
The answer is B, create an SNS topic one subscriptions you can make is HTTP, This completely addresses the question objective.
upvoted 2 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option A
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Timestream is optimized for time-series data, not for managing partner subscriptions.
upvoted 1 times