A company is designing a tightly coupled high performance computing (HPC) environment in the AWS Cloud. The company needs
to include features that will optimize the HPC environment for networking and storage.
Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Create an accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator. Configure custom routing for the accelerator.
B. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system. Configure the file system with scratch storage. Most Voted
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Configure the viewer protocol policy to be HTTP and HTTPS.
D. Launch Amazon EC2 instances. Attach an Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA) to the instances. Most Voted
E. Create an AWS Elastic Beanstalk deployment to manage the environment.
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Options BD
upvoted 7 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
A - Global Accelerator is not designed for tightly coupled HPC environments. It focuses on improving performance for geographically distributed
users, not for low-latency intra-cluster communication.
B - FSx for Lustre is specifically designed for HPC workloads and integrates well with Amazon S3 for high-throughput and low-latency access to data.
C - CloudFront does not address the low-latency, high-bandwidth networking or storage requirements of tightly coupled HPC environments.
D - EFA is a network interface that provides low-latency, high-throughput connectivity for tightly coupled HPC workloads, such as those using MPI
(Message Passing Interface).
E - Elastic Beanstalk is used for deploying and managing web applications and services, which has nothing to do with HPC.
upvoted 2 times
seetpt 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
BD looks right
upvoted 3 times
asdfcdsxdfc 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA)
• Improved ENA for HPC, only works for Linux
• Great for inter-node communications, tightly coupled workloads
• Leverages Message Passing Interface (MPI) standard
• Bypasses the underlying Linux OS to provide low-latency, reliable transport
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: BD
Community vote distribution
BD (100%)