An ecommerce company is migrating its on-premises workload to the AWS Cloud. The workload currently consists of a web
application and a backend Microsoft SQL database for storage.
The company expects a high volume of customers during a promotional event. The new infrastructure in the AWS Cloud must be
highly available and scalable.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead?
A. Migrate the web application to two Amazon EC2 instances across two Availability Zones behind an Application Load
Balancer. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Server with read replicas in both Availability Zones.
B. Migrate the web application to an Amazon EC2 instance that runs in an Auto Scaling group across two Availability Zones
behind an Application Load Balancer. Migrate the database to two EC2 instances across separate AWS Regions with database
replication.
C. Migrate the web application to Amazon EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group across two Availability Zones
behind an Application Load Balancer. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS with Multi-AZ deployment. Most Voted
D. Migrate the web application to three Amazon EC2 instances across three Availability Zones behind an Application Load
Balancer. Migrate the database to three EC2 instances across three Availability Zones.
Comments
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Initially I chose A but then again, "highly available and scalable" should indicate multi az and auto scaling group, so C is the only valid option.
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC
I would de-couple as many elements as possible with appopriate redundancy (HA), hence Auto-Scale in 2 AZ for EC2, Database in Multi-AZ and ALB
infront of EC2. It will allow to increase amount of servers in case of need and will prevent from service unavailability in case if something fail ;)
upvoted 3 times
zinabu 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
yes ''C'' but it was better if it says Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Multi-AZ. any ways
upvoted 3 times
KennethNg923 1 year, 12 months ago
Agree, Options Only C has auto scaling and RDS, and RDS support sql server, so it could only be C
upvoted 2 times
rondelldell 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
only c
upvoted 3 times
Awsbeginner87 2 years, 2 months ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (83%)
A (17%)
Selected Answer: A
Option a
upvoted 2 times