A company stores text files in Amazon S3. The text files include customer chat messages, date and time information, and customer
personally identifiable information (PII).
The company needs a solution to provide samples of the conversations to an external service provider for quality control. The
external service provider needs to randomly pick sample conversations up to the most recent conversation. The company must
not share the customer PII with the external service provider. The solution must scale when the number of customer conversations
increases.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create an Object Lambda Access Point. Create an AWS Lambda function that redacts the PII when the function reads the file.
Instruct the external service provider to access the Object Lambda Access Point. Most Voted
B. Create a batch process on an Amazon EC2 instance that regularly reads all new files, redacts the PII from the files, and writes
the redacted files to a different S3 bucket. Instruct the external service provider to access the bucket that does not contain the
PII.
B. Create a web application on an Amazon EC2 instance that presents a list of the files, redacts the PII from the files, and allows
the external service provider to download new versions of the files that have the PII redacted.
D. Create an Amazon DynamoDB table. Create an AWS Lambda function that reads only the data in the files that does not
contain PII. Configure the Lambda function to store the non-PII data in the DynamoDB table when a new file is written to
Amazon S3. Grant the external service provider access to the DynamoDB table.
Comments
osmk Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/tutorial-s3-object-lambda-redact-pii.html
upvoted 13 times
Sergiuss95 2 years, 1 month ago
thanks
upvoted 2 times
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option A
upvoted 5 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
If you want to achieve the goal stipulated in the question, all 4 options work, but only option A minimizes operational overhead and ensures
scalability while redacting PII dynamically.
upvoted 1 times
trinh_le 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Use AWS Lambda functions to change the Object before it is retrieved by the caller application. Only one S3 bucket is needed, on top of which we
create S3 Access Point And S3 Object Lambda Access Points
Use case:
1. Redact PII for analytics or non-production environment
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (94%)
6%
2. Convert across data formats ex: XML to Json
3. Resizing and watermaking images on fly using caller-specific details ex: user who requested the object
upvoted 3 times
zinabu 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
Creating a RAID 0 array allows you to achieve a higher level of performance for a file system than you can provision on a single Amazon EBS volume.
Use RAID 0 when I/O performance is of the utmost importance. With RAID 0, I/O is distributed across the volumes in a stripe.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/raid-config.html
upvoted 1 times
VIad 2 years, 4 months ago
A is the correct choice.
upvoted 3 times
Umuntu 2 years, 4 months ago
A is the best choice
upvoted 3 times