A company is building a web application that serves a content management system. The content management system runs on
Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The EC2 instances run in an Auto Scaling group across multiple
Availability Zones. Users are constantly adding and updating files, blogs, and other website assets in the content management
system.
A solutions architect must implement a solution in which all the EC2 instances share up-to-date website content with the least
possible lag time.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Update the EC2 user data in the Auto Scaling group lifecycle policy to copy the website assets from the EC2 instance that
was launched most recently. Configure the ALB to make changes to the website assets only in the newest EC2 instance.
B. Copy the website assets to an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Configure each EC2 instance to mount
the EFS file system locally. Configure the website hosting application to reference the website assets that are stored in the EFS
file system. Most Voted
C. Copy the website assets to an Amazon S3 bucket. Ensure that each EC2 instance downloads the website assets from the S3
bucket to the attached Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Run the S3 sync command once each hour to keep
files up to date.
D. Restore an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshot with the website assets. Attach the EBS snapshot as a
secondary EBS volume when a new EC2 instance is launched. Configure the website hosting application to reference the
website assets that are stored in the secondary EBS volume.
Comments
mk168898 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
website content must be in sync with all EC2 instances, so use EFS
upvoted 1 times
ike001 1 year, 11 months ago
B is the answer
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
AnswerB
Looks like this is the only reasonable solution from all presented
upvoted 2 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
CMS is usually EFS
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)