A company wants to relocate its on-premises MySQL database to AWS. The database accepts regular imports from a client-facing
application, which causes a high volume of write operations. The company is concerned that the amount of traffic might be
causing performance issues within the application.
How should a solutions architect design the architecture on AWS?
A. Provision an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance with Provisioned IOPS SSD storage. Monitor write operation metrics by
using Amazon CloudWatch. Adjust the provisioned IOPS if necessary. Most Voted
B. Provision an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance with General Purpose SSD storage. Place an Amazon ElastiCache cluster in
front of the DB instance. Configure the application to query ElastiCache instead.
C. Provision an Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) instance with a memory optimized instance type. Monitor
Amazon CloudWatch for performance-related issues. Change the instance class if necessary.
D. Provision an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system in General Purpose performance mode. Monitor Amazon
CloudWatch for IOPS bottlenecks. Change to Provisioned Throughput performance mode if necessary.
Comments
Hkayne Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
A or B. Can't be B because there is high volume of write no need for Elasticache
upvoted 7 times
GOTJ Most Recent 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Even though option "A" makes sense, everybody discarding option "B" is focusing on improving the import process performance itself by using
ElastiCache, which is basically correct. However, there is not a clear indicator that the “client-facing application” ONLY performs high volumes of write
operations. In fact, this can be pointless (a “write only” database?).
In my opinion, the main concern of the company is how THE REST of the application processes might be affected while this write-intensive
operations run in the database. And those operations surely includes reads.
Using an ElastiCache in front of the RDB instance or creating a read replica to redirect reads to might help with performance of THE REST of
application when write-intensive imports processes are executing, as the query result might be cached.
My vote goes to “B”
upvoted 1 times
KennethNg923 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: A
high volume of write operation -> Provisioned IOPS SSD storage
upvoted 3 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer A
For sure we cannot choose generar purpose IOPS SSD hence I would choos provisioned one. addtionally it is a good idea to monitor performance
with CloudWatch and adjust setup(provisioned IOPS) if there will be a need.
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (82%)
B (18%)
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
The most effective strategy for coping with that limit is to supplement disk-based databases with in-memory caching (Elasticache for Redis, Write-
through strategy) I'd go for B...
upvoted 3 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
why I would not choose #B? While ElastiCache can be used for caching read-heavy workloads, it's not the best choice for a database with high write
operations as it is primarily designed for fast reads from a cache.
upvoted 1 times
Mr_Marcus 2 years ago
If it were changes to existing data, maybe. The scenario specifically says data imports. Going with "A".
upvoted 2 times
Tanidanindo 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance with Provisioned IOPS SSD storage
upvoted 4 times