A company’s application is deployed on Amazon EC2 instances and uses AWS Lambda functions for an event-driven architecture.
The company uses nonproduction development environments in a different AWS account to test new features before the
company deploys the features to production.
The production instances show constant usage because of customers in different time zones. The company uses nonproduction
instances only during business hours on weekdays. The company does not use the nonproduction instances on the weekends. The
company wants to optimize the costs to run its application on AWS.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Use On-Demand Instances for the production instances. Use Dedicated Hosts for the nonproduction instances on weekends
only.
B. Use Reserved Instances for the production instances and the nonproduction instances. Shut down the nonproduction
instances when not in use.
C. Use Compute Savings Plans for the production instances. Use On-Demand Instances for the nonproduction instances. Shut
down the nonproduction instances when not in use. Most Voted
D. Use Dedicated Hosts for the production instances. Use EC2 Instance Savings Plans for the nonproduction instances.
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option C
upvoted 13 times
MattBJ Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Definitely C.
upvoted 5 times
Penjerla Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A Reserved Instance is preferred if you use the reserve capacity for the full duration of the one- or three-year term. You may also find that a Reserved
Instance offers cost savings over On-Demand Instances, even if you are only using the instance at half capacity. Reserved Instances also offer
guaranteed availability for stop-and-start scenarios. In addition, by utilizing and continuously monitoring Convertible Reserved Instances, you can
save more money.
upvoted 2 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
"An Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host is a physical server fully dedicated for your use, so you can help address corporate compliance requirements."
https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/dedicated-hosts/
That already eliminates "A" and "D". No need to pay extra since there is no requirement for eligible software licences.
B is INCORRECT = no need to use reserved instances for non-prod, since they will only be active during business hours during weekdays.
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (87%)
13%
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC
We need to use somekind of savings plans for production and disable Development servers when we are not using them. Only Option C has both.
upvoted 2 times
Naveena_Devanga 2 years, 3 months ago
Option C
upvoted 2 times
stephensimudemy 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
It's C
upvoted 4 times