A company that runs its application on AWS uses an Amazon Aurora DB cluster as its database. During peak usage hours when
multiple users access and read the data, the monitoring system shows degradation of database performance for the write queries.
The company wants to increase the scalability of the application to meet peak usage demands.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Create a second Aurora DB cluster. Configure a copy job to replicate the users’ data to the new database. Update the
application to use the second database to read the data.
B. Create an Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster in front of the existing Aurora DB cluster. Update the application to
use the DAX cluster for read-only queries. Write data directly to the Aurora DB cluster.
C. Create an Aurora read replica in the existing Aurora DB cluster. Update the application to use the replica endpoint for read-
only queries and to use the cluster endpoint for write queries. Most Voted
D. Create an Amazon Redshift cluster. Copy the users' data to the Redshift cluster. Update the application to connect to the
Redshift cluster and to perform read-only queries on the Redshift cluster.
Comments
bmmbmm 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
How B could be an answer?? Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator is for "DynamoDB" literally..
upvoted 1 times
ln2718 10 months, 1 week ago
Selected Answer: B
Follow-up... definitely answer B
"During peak usage hours when multiple users access and read the data"
Gemini -
DAX is a caching service for DynamoDB, and its cost is primarily based on the instance type and the number of nodes in your DAX cluster, charged
on a per-hour basis.
DAX is designed to provide microsecond-level response times for read-heavy applications using DynamoDB, offloading read requests from the
DynamoDB table and reducing read capacity unit (RCU) consumption.
upvoted 1 times
Steve122 8 months, 3 weeks ago
DAX -> Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator!
upvoted 2 times
ln2718 10 months, 1 week ago
Selected Answer: B
The better answer between B and C is this - MOST cost-effectively. The cost for a DAX will cost less than the additional read replicas.
upvoted 1 times
mk168898 1 year, 7 months ago
I was thinking between B and C. Saw that DAX is for Dynamo DB which is different from the question Aurora DB.
So i picked C
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (70%)
B (30%)
upvoted 2 times
KennethNg923 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Read Replica for multiple users access and read the data
upvoted 4 times
ug56c 1 year, 12 months ago
Answer C, wording is that read queries are slowing down write queries -> we need to optimize for read queries -> we need to add read replicas.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Managing.Performance.html#Aurora.Managing.Performance.ReadScaling
upvoted 4 times
sheilawu 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
write queries=>High performance of read & Write Dynamo, I think DAX is a better solution.
upvoted 1 times
Rhydian25 1 year, 11 months ago
Dynamo is NoSQL...
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC
A - We can create only RO replica of DB hence this is not possible.
D - Redshift is not for a DB from my understanding but more like analitics tools
B - Could be a thinkg but there is no point of Read-Only from DAX and write to DB cluster. beside it is hard to say if it would be cost effective as we
are paying per hour not R/W requests as it is with replica.
Hence I would go with C
upvoted 2 times