A company runs its applications on Amazon EC2 instances that are backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS). The EC2
instances run the most recent Amazon Linux release. The applications are experiencing availability issues when the company's
employees store and retrieve files that are 25 GB or larger. The company needs a solution that does not require the company to
transfer files between EC2 instances. The files must be available across many EC2 instances and across multiple Availability Zones.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Migrate all the files to an Amazon S3 bucket. Instruct the employees to access the files from the S3 bucket.
B. Take a snapshot of the existing EBS volume. Mount the snapshot as an EBS volume across the EC2 instances. Instruct the
employees to access the files from the EC2 instances.
C. Mount an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system across all the EC2 instances. Instruct the employees to access
the files from the EC2 instances. Most Voted
D. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from the EC2 instances. Configure new EC2 instances from the AMI that use an
instance store volume. Instruct the employees to access the files from the EC2 instances.
Comments
xBUGx Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
cross many EC2 instances and across multiple Availability Zones = EFS
upvoted 6 times
freedafeng Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
my question is, why not A?
I am fine with C
upvoted 6 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
For Option A (S3 bucket): While S3 is great for storing large files, accessing files directly from S3 would require the employees to switch to a
different interface, making it inconvenient and not aligned with the requirement to access files from the EC2 instances.
upvoted 2 times
mk168898 Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
"files must be available across many EC2 instances" means need some sort of shared system
immediately i look for EFS
upvoted 3 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
cross many EC2 instances and across multiple Availability Zones = EFS
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)