A company is designing an event-driven order processing system. Each order requires multiple validation steps after the order is
created. An idempotent AWS Lambda function performs each validation step. Each validation step is independent from the other
validation steps. Individual validation steps need only a subset of the order event information.
The company wants to ensure that each validation step Lambda function has access to only the information from the order event
that the function requires. The components of the order processing system should be loosely coupled to accommodate future
business changes.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue for each validation step. Create a new Lambda function to
transform the order data to the format that each validation step requires and to publish the messages to the appropriate SQS
queues. Subscribe each validation step Lambda function to its corresponding SQS queue.
B. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Subscribe the validation step Lambda functions to the
SNS topic. Use message body filtering to send only the required data to each subscribed Lambda function.
C. Create an Amazon EventBridge event bus. Create an event rule for each validation step. Configure the input transformer to
send only the required data to each target validation step Lambda function. Most Voted
D. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Create a new Lambda function to subscribe to the SQS
queue and to transform the order data to the format that each validation step requires. Use the new Lambda function to
perform synchronous invocations of the validation step Lambda functions in parallel on separate threads.
Comments
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A - Requires a separate Lambda function to preprocess and publish transformed data to multiple queues. Unnecessary.
B - SNS filtering operates at the subscription level, not the event transformation level, making it harder to customize data subsets for specific Lambda
functions.
C - Amazon EventBridge: event-driven systems. Input Transformer: ensures each receives only the required subset of data.
D - Synchronous invocation adds tighter coupling between Lambda functions and the validation steps.
upvoted 2 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
SNS and Message Filtering
- With SNS, message filtering allows you to control which subscribers receive messages based on attributes. However, the entire message is sent to
each subscribed Lambda function; only those that match the filter criteria are processed.
EventBridge and Input Transformation
- EventBridge enables you to define rules that transform or modify events before they reach their targets. This allows you to customize the event
payload, ensuring each validation step receives only the relevant information.
"The company wants to ensure that each validation step Lambda function has access to only the information from the order event that the function
requires."
Therefore, C is the answer.
upvoted 4 times
Johnoppong101 1 year, 9 months ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (94%)
6%
Selected Answer: C
Event-driven Architecture + Each validation step needs ONLY a subset of the order EVENT created. Best way to transform this order even is EB
Transformer.
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
Answer C
I wasn't sure but looks like EB with Input Transformation will allow for sending data which were choosed per destination
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-pipes-input-transformation.html
upvoted 3 times
TwinSpark 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
not B because SNS cannot make messages manipulation, the option "message body filtering" will make discard or forward the FULL message if there
is a matching field:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-message-filtering.html
C - eventbus instead can manipulate event:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-event-bus.html
D - Works, but too much operation IMO
upvoted 4 times
88f8032 2 years, 1 month ago
Why can't it be B?
upvoted 3 times
BBR01 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
It is D. It is one order event, not "events from many sources"
The main lambda parse the info to pieces, then makes synchronous invocations of the validation step Lambda functions on separate threads, and
wait them to complete.
upvoted 1 times
waldirlsantos 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
IMO, C
"An event bus is a router that receives events and delivers them to zero or more destinations, or targets. Event buses are well-suited for routing
events from many sources to many targets, with optional transformation of events prior to delivery to a target."
upvoted 2 times
TruthWS 2 years, 2 months ago
Option C
upvoted 2 times
Kaula 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-event-bus.html
upvoted 3 times