A company has an organization in AWS Organizations that has all features enabled. The company requires that all API calls and
logins in any existing or new AWS account must be audited. The company needs a managed solution to prevent additional work
and to minimize costs. The company also needs to know when any AWS account is not compliant with the AWS Foundational
Security Best Practices (FSBP) standard.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Deploy an AWS Control Tower environment in the Organizations management account. Enable AWS Security Hub and AWS
Control Tower Account Factory in the environment. Most Voted
B. Deploy an AWS Control Tower environment in a dedicated Organizations member account. Enable AWS Security Hub and
AWS Control Tower Account Factory in the environment.
C. Use AWS Managed Services (AMS) Accelerate to build a multi-account landing zone (MALZ). Submit an RFC to self-service
provision Amazon GuardDuty in the MALZ.
D. Use AWS Managed Services (AMS) Accelerate to build a multi-account landing zone (MALZ). Submit an RFC to self-service
provision AWS Security Hub in the MALZ.
Comments
FlyingHawk Highly Voted 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
This question was in my today's exam.
upvoted 7 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A - Control Tower enforces centralized logging, monitoring, and account management. Security Hub monitors compliance with AWS Foundational
Security Best Practices (FSBP). Account Factory simplifies the creation of new accounts with preconfigured settings.
B - Control Tower is intended to be deployed in the management account, not a member account, which deviates from AWS-recommended
practices.
C - GuardDuty focuses on security threats rather than compliance monitoring for FSBP.
D - AMS Accelerate is more suitable for enterprises with highly complex requirements. Also, more operational overheads and cost more, but the
question wants "to prevent additional work and to minimize costs".
upvoted 1 times
LuongTo 1 year, 7 months ago
Why not B?
upvoted 1 times
Kezuko 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/controltower/latest/userguide/security-hub-controls.html
upvoted 4 times
Ipergorta 2 years, 2 months ago
Option D
upvoted 1 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
Selected Answer: A
A is correct
upvoted 2 times
kempes 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Option A
upvoted 4 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option A
upvoted 2 times