A company runs its application by using Amazon EC2 instances and AWS Lambda functions. The EC2 instances run in private
subnets of a VPC. The Lambda functions need direct network access to the EC2 instances for the application to work.
The application will run for 1 year. The number of Lambda functions that the application uses will increase during the 1-year
period. The company must minimize costs on all application resources.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Purchase an EC2 Instance Savings Plan. Connect the Lambda functions to the private subnets that contain the EC2 instances.
B. Purchase an EC2 Instance Savings Plan. Connect the Lambda functions to new public subnets in the same VPC where the
EC2 instances run.
C. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan. Connect the Lambda functions to the private subnets that contain the EC2 instances.
Most Voted
D. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan. Keep the Lambda functions in the Lambda service VPC.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Compute Savings Plan: This plan offers significant discounts on Lambda functions compared to on-demand pricing. Since the application will run for
a year, a sustained use discount like Compute Savings Plan is ideal.
Private Subnets: Lambda functions in private subnets can directly access EC2 instances within the VPC without needing internet access, reducing
security risks and potential egress costs.
upvoted 7 times
0c21057 Most Recent 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
Compute Savings Plans provide the most flexibility and help to reduce your costs by up to 66%. These plans automatically apply to EC2 instance
usage regardless of instance family, size, AZ, Region, OS or tenancy, and also apply to Fargate or Lambda usage. For example, with Compute Savings
Plans, you can change from C4 to M5 instances, shift a workload from EU (Ireland) to EU (London), or move a workload from EC2 to Fargate or
Lambda at any time and automatically continue to pay the Savings Plans price.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Why Compute Savings Plan: Covers both EC2 and Lambda, providing flexibility as Lambda usage increases.
Why Private Subnets: Ensures network access between Lambda and EC2 instances.
!!
An EC2 Instance Savings Plan doesn't cover Lambda. Also, Lambda functions in public subnets cannot directly communicate with EC2 instances in
private subnets.
upvoted 2 times
mk168898 1 year, 7 months ago
A and B is not because it is talkign about EC2, but the question is asking for Lambda
upvoted 2 times
jacinml 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (80%)
13%
7%
Compute savings include lamdba and EC2, Ec2 savings only EC2 instances.
https://aws.amazon.com/savingsplans/compute-pricing/
upvoted 2 times
Lin878 1 year, 11 months ago
I confuse this Question. Instance saving plan is cheaper than compute saving plan.
https://aws.amazon.com/savingsplans/compute-pricing/
upvoted 1 times
navneet_sh 1 year, 11 months ago
But composite saving plan discount Automatically applies to Lambda.
upvoted 2 times
navneet_sh 1 year, 11 months ago
Sorry I mean Compute Savings Plan.
upvoted 2 times
sheilawu 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
In this question has point out "access EC2 instances" within VPC,=> Lambda VPC to an ENI (Elastic network interface) in your account VPC.=>No
charge.
Therefore I stick with A, Not D.
upvoted 2 times
JohnYu 1 year, 7 months ago
An EC2 Instance Savings Plan is limited to savings on EC2 instances only. It does not provide cost savings for Lambda functions. Therefore, it is not
the best choice given that the number of Lambda functions is expected to increase.
upvoted 3 times
sheilawu 2 years ago
I am sorry I mean C
upvoted 3 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
AnswerD
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/foundation-networking.html
upvoted 1 times