A company uses AWS to run its ecommerce platform. The platform is critical to the company's operations and has a high volume
of traffic and transactions. The company configures a multi-factor authentication (MFA) device to secure its AWS account root user
credentials. The company wants to ensure that it will not lose access to the root user account if the MFA device is lost.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Set up a backup administrator account that the company can use to log in if the company loses the MFA device.
B. Add multiple MFA devices for the root user account to handle the disaster scenario. Most Voted
C. Create a new administrator account when the company cannot access the root account.
D. Attach the administrator policy to another IAM user when the company cannot access the root account.
Comments
hajra313 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
B. Add multiple MFA devices for the root user account to handle the disaster scenario.
By adding multiple MFA devices for the root user account, the company ensures that it can still access the account even if one MFA device is lost. Thi
approach provides a backup for authentication, addressing the concern of losing access to the root user account if the MFA device is lost.
upvoted 11 times
Tatai2015 2 years ago
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/root-user-best-practices.html
upvoted 2 times
91157fe Most Recent 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Add multiple MFA devices for the root user account:
AWS does not support multiple MFA devices for the root user. Only one MFA device can be associated at a time.
upvoted 1 times
ad2dj28 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Your AWS account root user and IAM users can register up to eight MFA devices of any type. Registering multiple MFA devices can provide flexibility
and help you reduce the risk of access interruption if a device is lost or broken.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_mfa.html
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AnswerB
Because a root user can perform privileged actions, it's crucial to add MFA for the root user as a second authentication factor in addition to the emai
address and password as sign-in credentials. We strongly recommend enabling multiple MFA for your root user credentials to provide additional
flexibility and resiliency in your security strategy. You can register up to eight MFA devices of any combination of the currently supported MFA types
with your AWS account root user.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/root-user-best-practices.html#ru-bp-mfa
upvoted 3 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (90%)
10%
Selected Answer: B
b looks correct
upvoted 2 times
NayeraB 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I'd go for B
upvoted 3 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option B
upvoted 4 times