A company uses an Amazon S3 bucket as its data lake storage platform. The S3 bucket contains a massive amount of data that is
accessed randomly by multiple teams and hundreds of applications. The company wants to reduce the S3 storage costs and
provide immediate availability for frequently accessed objects.
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements?
A. Create an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition objects to the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. Most Voted
B. Store objects in Amazon S3 Glacier. Use S3 Select to provide applications with access to the data.
C. Use data from S3 storage class analysis to create S3 Lifecycle rules to automatically transition objects to the S3 Standard-
Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class.
D. Transition objects to the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class. Create an AWS Lambda function to
transition objects to the S3 Standard storage class when they are accessed by an application.
Comments
mk168898 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
selected A because only option that don't violate the "need immediate access"
upvoted 2 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
"data that is accessed randomly" = S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class.
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
AnswerA
The Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class automatically stores objects in three access tiers. One tier is optimized for frequent access, one
lower-cost tier is optimized for infrequent access, and another very low-cost tier is optimized for rarely accessed data. For a low monthly object
monitoring and automation charge, S3 Intelligent-Tiering monitors access patterns and automatically moves objects to the Infrequent Access tier
when they haven't been accessed for 30 consecutive days. After 90 days of no access, the objects are moved to the Archive Instant Access tier
without performance impact or operational overhead.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/intelligent-tiering-overview.html
upvoted 3 times
Hkayne 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
File accessed randomly by multiple teams = intelligent tiering
upvoted 2 times
Kaula 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/intelligent-tiering-managing.html
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)