A company serves its website by using an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances in a single AWS Region. The website does
not require a database.
The company is expanding, and the company's engineering team deploys the website to a second Region. The company wants to
distribute traffic across both Regions to accommodate growth and for disaster recovery purposes. The solution should not serve
traffic from a Region in which the website is unhealthy.
Which policy or resource should the company use to meet these requirements?
A. An Amazon Route 53 simple routing policy
B. An Amazon Route 53 multivalue answer routing policy Most Voted
C. An Application Load Balancer in one Region with a target group that specifies the EC2 instance IDs from both Regions
D. An Application Load Balancer in one Region with a target group that specifies the IP addresses of the EC2 instances from
both Regions
Comments
waldirlsantos Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
53 with multivalue is the best option for this case
Multivalue answer routing lets you configure Amazon Route 53 to return multiple values, such as IP addresses for your web servers, in response to
DNS queries. You can specify multiple values for almost any record, but multivalue answer routing also lets you check the health of each resource, so
Route 53 returns only values for healthy resources. It's not a substitute for a load balancer, but the ability to return multiple health-checkable IP
addresses is a way to use DNS to improve availability and load balancing.
upvoted 5 times
mk168898 Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
C and D are wrong because need serve traffic across both region.
B seems correct
upvoted 2 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
A - Doesn't provide health check
C and D - Only work within a single zone.
upvoted 1 times
Sergiuss95 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
Yes, is the option b.
upvoted 1 times
TruthWS 2 years, 2 months ago
Option B
upvoted 1 times
Kaula 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/routing-policy-multivalue.html
upvoted 3 times