A company maintains its accounting records in a custom application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. The company needs to
migrate the data to an AWS managed service for development and maintenance of the application data. The solution must require
minimal operational support and provide immutable, cryptographically verifiable logs of data changes.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Redshift cluster.
B. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Neptune cluster.
C. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Timestream database.
D. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB) ledger. Most Voted
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option D
upvoted 7 times
asdfcdsxdfc Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Amazon QLDB
• QLDB stands for ”Quantum Ledger Database”
• A ledger is a book recording financial transactions
• Fully Managed, Serverless, High available, Replication across 3 AZ
• Used to review history of all the changes made to your application data over time
• Immutable system: no entry can be removed or modified, cryptographically verifiable
upvoted 5 times
Scheldon Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
AnswerD
Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB) is a fully managed ledger database that provides a transparent, immutable, and
cryptographically verifiable transaction log owned by a central trusted authority.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/qldb/latest/developerguide/what-is.html
upvoted 4 times
f07ed8f 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB) is a fully managed ledger database that provides a transparent, immutable, and
cryptographically verifiable transaction log.
upvoted 3 times
Mikado211 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
immutable, cryptographically verifiable ==> Amazon QLDB
upvoted 3 times
NayeraB 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
D is correct
upvoted 2 times