A company is migrating a legacy application from an on-premises data center to AWS. The application relies on hundreds of cron
jobs that run between 1 and 20 minutes on different recurring schedules throughout the day.
The company wants a solution to schedule and run the cron jobs on AWS with minimal refactoring. The solution must support
running the cron jobs in response to an event in the future.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create a container image for the cron jobs. Use Amazon EventBridge Scheduler to create a recurring schedule. Run the cron
job tasks as AWS Lambda functions.
B. Create a container image for the cron jobs. Use AWS Batch on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with a
scheduling policy to run the cron jobs.
C. Create a container image for the cron jobs. Use Amazon EventBridge Scheduler to create a recurring schedule. Run the cron
job tasks on AWS Fargate. Most Voted
D. Create a container image for the cron jobs. Create a workflow in AWS Step Functions that uses a Wait state to run the cron
jobs at a specified time. Use the RunTask action to run the cron job tasks on AWS Fargate.
Comments
Kezuko Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Give yourself a pat on the back when you reach this question, its been a long run
upvoted 21 times
Drew3000 1 year, 8 months ago
I finally managed to get through the last question, then refreshed the page , and they have added more questions.
upvoted 8 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
I know right. Where did they get so many questions? It's been a long run but too long now...
upvoted 2 times
Linuslin Highly Voted 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Lambda has 15 mins limit, so A is out.
B works, but you have to run highly-available virtual machines or containers waiting for the event to happen.
C is the best answer in this question, with AWS Fargate allows you to pay for only what you use and free you from provisioning, configuring, and
scaling clusters of Amazon EC2 instances.
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/migrate-cron-jobs-to-event-driven-architectures-using-amazon-elastic-container-service-and-amazon-
eventbridge/
upvoted 5 times
FlyingHawk Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
As an example, one customer had hundreds of cron jobs configured on a single on-premise server. They chose to run these various cron jobs as
separate scheduled tasks on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) using AWS Fargate. They used Amazon EventBridge to schedule the
tasks because it triggers an Amazon ECS task at scheduled times rather than having to run highly-available virtual machines or containers waiting for
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
the event to happen. They chose Amazon ECS because of its simple container orchestration. And they chose AWS Fargate because it allows them to
pay for only what they use and frees them from provisioning, configuring, and scaling clusters of Amazon EC2 instances.
upvoted 1 times
cvoiceip 1 year, 9 months ago
Ans : C
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/migrate-cron-jobs-to-event-driven-architectures-using-amazon-elastic-container-service-and-amazon-
eventbridge/
upvoted 1 times
seetpt 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C because lambda has 15min time limit.
upvoted 2 times
asdfcdsxdfc 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
its either A or C. C looks correct because lambda works for 15 mins and the question says between 1-20
upvoted 4 times