A solutions architect needs to design the architecture for an application that a vendor provides as a Docker container image. The
container needs 50 GB of storage available for temporary files. The infrastructure must be serverless.
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses the Docker container image with an Amazon S3 mounted volume that has more
than 50 GB of space.
B. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses the Docker container image with an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
volume that has more than 50 GB of space.
C. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster that uses the AWS Fargate launch type. Create a task
definition for the container image with an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume. Create a service with that task
definition. Most Voted
D. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster that uses the Amazon EC2 launch type with an Amazon
Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume that has more than 50 GB of space. Create a task definition for the container image.
Create a service with that task definition.
Comments
stephensimudemy Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Options A and B involve AWS Lambda, which is suitable for event-driven, short-lived compute tasks, but it's NOT ideal for long-running containerized
applications and managing large volumes of data.
upvoted 9 times
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option C
upvoted 6 times
nj1999 2 years, 4 months ago
Why C and not B?
upvoted 1 times
hajra313 2 years, 4 months ago
the infrastructure must be serverless
upvoted 2 times
Cali182 2 years, 4 months ago
Creating an AWS Lambda function that uses the Docker container image with an Amazon S3 mounted volume might not be suitable because
Lambda functions have limitations on execution duration (15 minutes) and storage size (maximum 512 MB in the /tmp directory).
upvoted 5 times
dkw2342 2 years, 2 months ago
There's no indication of runtime, so that's not the reason.
A is wrong because "S3 volumes" do not exist. If the question were about S3 buckets: while it is possible to mount an S3 bucket using FUSE, this
is completely unsupported by AWS and definitely won't work in a container running on Lambda (you can't assign SYS_ADMIN cap and mount
/dev/fuse).
B is wrong because you can't use EBS volumes with Lambda.
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (95%)
5%
As an aside, Lambda supports up to 10 GB of ephemeral storage (configurable).
upvoted 3 times
03beafc 2 years, 1 month ago
Not B because your lambda container needs the RIC and the image is already provided, presumably without the RIC (or else it would have
mentioned it)
upvoted 3 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
RIC: Runtime interface clients
upvoted 2 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A - Technically, temporary file access in Lambda is limited to the /tmp directory with a 512 MB limit.
B - AWS Lambda does not natively support mounting EBS volumes.
C - Looks good to me.
D - ECS with EC2 is not serverless.
FYI - Serverless infrastructure: Solutions must not involve managing servers or underlying infrastructure. AWS Fargate and AWS Lambda are serverles
options, while Amazon ECS with EC2 launch type involves managing EC2 instances.
upvoted 1 times
dragongoseki 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is right answer.
upvoted 2 times
DZRomero 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The combination of ECS with Fargate and EFS (option C) provides a serverless solution that can run Docker containers and meet the storage
requirements, all while minimizing operational overhead. You don't need to manage any servers, and the storage will automatically scale as needed.
This makes it the best fit for the given requirements.
upvoted 2 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
Lambda would need Runtime interface clients (RIC) to host a container workload.
Also Lambda storage limit: 10GB
Fargate is Serverless >> C
upvoted 4 times
zinabu 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
the key word here is {" serverless + temporary file''}
A: it uses S3 for storage that is not a temporary file storage system
C: that was good using ECS with farget for serverless part but is uses EFS file system still it is a durable file system not temporary
D: Using EBS was good to use for temporary file system but it is mounted on EC2 which is not serverless. so that we are left with ''B'' which uses [
lambda(serverless) + EBS(temporary storage)]
upvoted 1 times
zinabu 2 years, 1 month ago
the key word here is {" serverless + temporary file''}
A: it uses S3 for storage that is not a temporary file storage system
C: that was good using ECS with farget for serverless part but is uses EFS file system still it is a durable file system not temporary
D: Using EBS was good to use for temporary file system but it is mounted on EC2 which is not serverless. so that we are left with ''B'' which uses [
lambda(serverless) + EBS(temporary storage)]
upvoted 1 times