A company has an Amazon S3 data lake. The company needs a solution that transforms the data from the data lake and loads the
data into a data warehouse every day. The data warehouse must have massively parallel processing (MPP) capabilities.
Data analysts then need to create and train machine learning (ML) models by using SQL commands on the data. The solution must
use serverless AWS services wherever possible.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Run a daily Amazon EMR job to transform the data and load the data into Amazon Redshift. Use Amazon Redshift ML to
create and train the ML models.
B. Run a daily Amazon EMR job to transform the data and load the data into Amazon Aurora Serverless. Use Amazon Aurora
ML to create and train the ML models.
C. Run a daily AWS Glue job to transform the data and load the data into Amazon Redshift Serverless. Use Amazon Redshift
ML to create and train the ML models. Most Voted
D. Run a daily AWS Glue job to transform the data and load the data into Amazon Athena tables. Use Amazon Athena ML to
create and train the ML models.
Comments
Mikado211 Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Data warehouse ==> Redshift
Without additional informations both EMR and Glue Jobs can work.
Since the question asks to use serverless as much as possible, Redshift Serverless is a better solution.
C
upvoted 6 times
BatVanyo Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Neither A, nor B explicitly say "EMR serverless" which is a new AWS offering, so I exclude these two.
MPP goes hand in hand with Redshift, so D is also incorrect.
This leaves C the only possible serverless option here.
upvoted 5 times
ln2718 Most Recent 10 months, 1 week ago
Selected Answer: A
Gemini AI answer is - A - For massively parallel processing (MPP) capabilities, Amazon EMR generally offers more robust and flexible options than
AWS Glue. Then use Redshift serverless for the rest.
upvoted 1 times
sk1974 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Any reason it cannot be B ?
upvoted 2 times
mk168898 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (86%)
10%
Data Warehouse => redshift
Use AWS Services whereever possible => Redshift serverless
upvoted 2 times
rondelldell 2 years, 2 months ago
A
Amazon EMR Serverless is a deployment option for Amazon EMR that provides a serverless runtime environment. This simplifies the operation of
analytics applications that use the latest open-source frameworks, such as Apache Spark and Apache Hive. With EMR Serverless, you don’t have to
configure, optimize, secure, or operate clusters to run applications with these frameworks.
EMR Serverless helps you avoid over- or under-provisioning resources for your data processing jobs. EMR Serverless automatically determines the
resources that the application needs, gets these resources to process your jobs, and releases the resources when the jobs finish. For use cases where
applications need a response within seconds, such as interactive data analysis, you can pre-initialize the resources that the application needs when
you create the application.
upvoted 2 times
1dd 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Option C
upvoted 2 times
1dd 2 years, 3 months ago
EMR works with big data transfer
upvoted 1 times
1dd 2 years, 3 months ago
MPP --> use Redshift so eliminate B,D
As it required Serverless services --> Glue
upvoted 1 times
1dd 2 years, 3 months ago
A have no serverless
C is the answer
upvoted 1 times
seetpt 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is correct
upvoted 3 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
should be C
upvoted 2 times