A development team uses multiple AWS accounts for its development, staging, and production environments. Team members
have been launching large Amazon EC2 instances that are underutilized. A solutions architect must prevent large instances from
being launched in all accounts.
How can the solutions architect meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Update the IAM policies to deny the launch of large EC2 instances. Apply the policies to all users.
B. Define a resource in AWS Resource Access Manager that prevents the launch of large EC2 instances.
C. Create an IAM role in each account that denies the launch of large EC2 instances. Grant the developers IAM group access to
the role.
D. Create an organization in AWS Organizations in the management account with the default policy. Create a service control
policy (SCP) that denies the launch of large EC2 instances, and apply it to the AWS accounts. Most Voted
Comments
Hkayne Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_scps.html
upvoted 6 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A - You would need to update and maintain separate IAM policies in each account, which is too much trouble.
B - AWS Resource Access Manager (RAM) is primarily for resource sharing and does not directly restrict resource launches.
C - IAM roles are better suited for granting access rather than imposing restrictions. You would also need to create and maintain these roles in every
account, even more trouble than option A.
D - SCPs are powerful here because they apply at the root account level, meaning that even if a developer has direct IAM permissions to launch large
instances, the SCP will override and prevent it.
Also, there's no need to create or manage multiple IAM policies or roles across accounts. Once the SCP is defined and applied, it enforces the
restriction automatically.
upvoted 1 times
744fdad 1 year, 10 months ago
why is it not A? If the goal is only to prevent launch of EC2s
upvoted 2 times
78b9037 1 year, 5 months ago
Updating IAM policies must be done separately in each account, and policies for each user must be maintained, which will cause high operation
overhead, so D.
upvoted 1 times
example_ 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_scps_examples.html
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)