A company is migrating a data center from its on-premises location to AWS. The company has several legacy applications that are
hosted on individual virtual servers. Changes to the application designs cannot be made.
Each individual virtual server currently runs as its own EC2 instance. A solutions architect needs to ensure that the applications are
reliable and fault tolerant after migration to AWS. The applications will run on Amazon EC2 instances.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create an Auto Scaling group that has a minimum of one and a maximum of one. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
of each application instance. Use the AMI to create EC2 instances in the Auto Scaling group Configure an Application Load
Balancer in front of the Auto Scaling group.
B. Use AWS Backup to create an hourly backup of the EC2 instance that hosts each application. Store the backup in Amazon S3
in a separate Availability Zone. Configure a disaster recovery process to restore the EC2 instance for each application from its
most recent backup.
C. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of each application instance. Launch two new EC2 instances from the AMI. Place
each EC2 instance in a separate Availability Zone. Configure a Network Load Balancer that has the EC2 instances as targets.
Most Voted
D. Use AWS Mitigation Hub Refactor Spaces to migrate each application off the EC2 instance. Break down functionality from
each application into individual components. Host each application on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with an
AWS Fargate launch type.
Comments
Vasiliy Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
Autoscaling with max=1 is what is needed to keep only one instance at a time - it will still fail, but it will spawn exactly one instance in case of failure
(we are not allowed to change the design of the app)
Having single instances in different AZ will not help - if one of the AZs is down, the app will still be affected
upvoted 13 times
sandordini Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
NOT A: Autoscaling with Maximum of 1 EC2 :D
NOT B: Hourly backup... RPO 1hr
C: AMI, Multi-AZ -> Fault tolerant
NOT D: ECS with Fargate, but it needs to run on EC2..
upvoted 12 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
You cannot change application and based on the story in the past there was only one server/copy of application running at the same time. So we
cannot run more then one copy of any application at once.
It is possible to set Min and Max to 1 which will automatically bring up server when it will crash. Taking into consideration that we cannot change
application design and load-balancing between regions would probably need that (no information if applications are statefull or stateless) i would
go for solution in answer A
upvoted 5 times
KarlosRC Most Recent 3 months ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
A (50%)
C (50%)
Selected Answer: C
"ensure that the applications are reliable" - we need 2 AZ
upvoted 1 times
ln2718 10 months, 1 week ago
Selected Answer: A
The question is if "fault tolerant" is considered such with an automatic restart in an autoscaling group of 1? Terrible question, but the rest of the
question matches.
upvoted 1 times
bora4motion 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
needs to be C for fault tolerant.
upvoted 1 times
Dantecito 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is the answerd.
A. Changes in application designs are not the same as changes in infrastructure, also is not fault tolerant and an ALB just for one instance? whats the
point of that
upvoted 1 times
dfgdsfgfdgreg 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A has a single point of failure = not fault tolerant
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A - Creating an AMI of each application instance ensures that the migrated applications are deployed consistently with their existing configurations,
yes, but an Auto Scaling group with a minimum and maximum of one provides no redundancy. If the single instance fails, the application becomes
unavailable.
B - Backup-based disaster recovery does not provide real-time fault tolerance. It introduces downtime during recovery and does not meet the
reliability requirement.
C - Launching two EC2 instances in separate Availability Zones (AZs) provides high availability. If one AZ experiences an outage, the application
remains accessible on the instance in the other AZ.
D - "Changes to the application designs cannot be made."
upvoted 2 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
I copied this about option A. It's got some valid points, but just for your references.
An Application Load Balancer is also not the best fit for all legacy applications, as it operates at the application layer (of 7-layer model) and requires
HTTP/HTTPS traffic. So for protocols like FTP, SMTP or other TCP-based customized protocols, an ALB would be unsuitable.
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I will choose Option C for the following reasons:
#1 AMI creation: Creating an AMI of each application instance allows for easy replication.
#2 Multiple Availability Zones: Launching instances in different Availability Zones provides redundancy in case of regional outages.
#3 Network Load Balancer: A Network Load Balancer distributes traffic across the instances, providing high availability by automatically routing
requests to a healthy instance if one fails.
upvoted 2 times
daveya 1 year, 6 months ago
What if application is statefull and there's no backup?
upvoted 2 times
zits88 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I don't see how people can choose A here when it is talking about reliability and the answer only has a maximum of 1. There's nothing about cost
effectiveness so there is no reason this one is better. Definitely C.
upvoted 1 times
Cpso 1 year, 6 months ago
we cant change applicaiton logic to be run 2 instance concurrently.
upvoted 1 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. Create an Auto Scaling group that has a minimum of one and a maximum of one. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of each application
instance. Use the AMI to create EC2 instances in the Auto Scaling group Configure an Application Load Balancer in front of the Auto Scaling group.
upvoted 3 times
EdricHoang 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Fault tolerance is not High Availability
Answer A is HA design, not Fault tolerance
upvoted 2 times
Cpso 1 year, 6 months ago
exam said we can change application logic. 99.9% of single app usually work strange if you run it 2 process concurrently and random each request
to them.
upvoted 1 times
Lin878 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A makes sense.
C is possible but manual intervention.
upvoted 2 times
emakid 1 year, 11 months ago
answer is A.
Auto Scaling Group:
Explanation:
Minimum and Maximum of one instance: Ensures that the instance is always running. If the instance fails, Auto Scaling will automatically replace it
with a new one, maintaining high availability.
Amazon Machine Image (AMI): Captures the current state of the application instance, ensuring that new instances launched by Auto Scaling will have
the same configuration.
Application Load Balancer (ALB):
Load Balancer: Distributes traffic to the instances in the Auto Scaling group, ensuring fault tolerance. Even though there is only one instance, the ALB
can help manage incoming traffic and be ready for future scaling if needed.
For C:
While this provides high availability, it does not address fault tolerance as effectively as the Auto Scaling group approach. Without Auto Scaling, if an
instance fails, manual intervention is required to launch new instances.
upvoted 4 times
24b2e9e 1 year, 11 months ago
A makes sense
upvoted 2 times
Nm55569 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
It's either A or B but A is a better option. The application design cannot be changed so we don't know if it can run across 2 servers.
upvoted 3 times