A company needs a solution to prevent AWS CloudFormation stacks from deploying AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
resources that include an inline policy or “*” in the statement. The solution must also prohibit deployment of Amazon EC2
instances with public IP addresses. The company has AWS Control Tower enabled in its organization in AWS Organizations.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use AWS Control Tower proactive controls to block deployment of EC2 instances with public IP addresses and inline policies
with elevated access or “*”. Most Voted
B. Use AWS Control Tower detective controls to block deployment of EC2 instances with public IP addresses and inline policies
with elevated access or “*”.
C. Use AWS Config to create rules for EC2 and IAM compliance. Configure the rules to run an AWS Systems Manager Session
Manager automation to delete a resource when it is not compliant.
D. Use a service control policy (SCP) to block actions for the EC2 instances and IAM resources if the actions lead to
noncompliance.
Comments
jaswantn Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Option D... This is preventive control of Control Tower where we use SCP to disallow actions that lead to policy violation.
upvoted 9 times
osmk Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Proactive controls are implemented using AWS CloudFormation hooks within AWS Control Tower. They operate before resources are deployed to
determine compliance with activated controls. SCPs are part of AWS Organizations and are used to manage permissions. vs Define specific purposes
for implementing controls.https://docs.aws.amazon.com/controltower/latest/userguide/proactive-controls.html
upvoted 6 times
osmk 2 years, 3 months ago
SCPs focus on managing permissions at the OU level, while proactive controls in AWS Control Tower help prevent non-compliance during resource
provisioning.
upvoted 3 times
FlyingHawk Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Proactive controls check whether resources are compliant with your company policies and objectives, before the resources are provisioned in your
accounts. If the resources are out of compliance, they are not provisioned. Proactive controls monitor resources that would be deployed in your
accounts by means of AWS CloudFormation templates.
For those who are familiar with AWS: In AWS Control Tower preventive controls are implemented with Service Control Policies (SCPs).
Detective controls are implemented with AWS Config rules.
Proactive controls are implemented with AWS CloudFormation hooks.
upvoted 3 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A - Proactive controls are a feature of AWS Control Tower that prevent noncompliant resources from being deployed by validating configurations
before deployment.
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (61%)
D (39%)
B - Detective controls can't block deployment.
C - If you must monitor to get it right, then something's already wrong before you notice that.
D - SCPs can indeed block specific API calls for creating IAM resources with "*" or EC2 instances with public IPs, but can't make the most of AWS
CloudFormation stacks. Plus, SCPs apply at the account level and might inadvertently restrict legitimate use cases. Not ideal enough is what I'm
saying.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
And btw, since "The company has AWS Control Tower enabled", option A induces much less overhead than option D.
upvoted 2 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Prevent AWS CloudFormation from deploying IAM resources and EC2 instances based on specific use cases = Control Tower Proactive controls.
"Proactive controls are security controls that are designed to prevent the creation of noncompliant resources.
For example (...), through AWS CloudFormation, the proactive control can prevent the creation of update of any S3 bucket that has public access
enabled."
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/aws-security-controls/proactive-controls.html
upvoted 3 times
88f8032 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
this is A
upvoted 2 times
Sergiuss95 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
Is D, the best way to prevent this actions, is deploying SCPs
upvoted 1 times
BBR01 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
It is D. You want to prevent the events from happening.
Proactive controls check whether resources are compliant with your company policies and objectives, before the resources are provisioned in your
accounts.
Detective controls detect specific events when they occur and log the action in CloudTrail.
Preventive controls prevent actions from occurring.
Preventive controls are implemented with SCPs. Detective controls are implemented with AWS Config rules. Proactive controls are implemented with
AWS CloudFormation hooks.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/controltower/latest/userguide/how-control-tower-works.html#how-controls-work
upvoted 1 times
TwinSpark 2 years ago
as stated by you A is correct, Proactive controls are implemented as cloudformation hooks and the resource will not be deployed if not compliants.
It is exactly what is asked in question.
Using an SCP it is actually a valid solution, but it need to be associated to a specific resource that is not specified. If you associated to root account
nobody can deploy a public ip ec2, not only cloudformation
upvoted 2 times
NayeraB 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A would provide a proactive solution, also I'm not sure if SCP are made for granular details like creation of EC2 instances with public IP addresses or
IAM resources with certain inline policies.
upvoted 2 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option D
upvoted 2 times