A company runs a container application on a Kubernetes cluster in the company's data center. The application uses Advanced
Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP) to communicate with a message queue. The data center cannot scale fast enough to meet the
company’s expanding business needs. The company wants to migrate the workloads to AWS.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Migrate the container application to Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Use Amazon Simple Queue Service
(Amazon SQS) to retrieve the messages.
B. Migrate the container application to Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). Use Amazon MQ to retrieve the
messages. Most Voted
C. Use highly available Amazon EC2 instances to run the application. Use Amazon MQ to retrieve the messages.
D. Use AWS Lambda functions to run the application. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to retrieve the
messages.
Comments
Mikado211 Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
This question is a trap because A is definitely the answer for a Least overhead (ECS + SQS) and in a real life scenario could be good in 99% of cases.
However SQS do not implement AMQP (SQS is only a simple queueing system very basic) so we have to use Amazon MQ.
In terms of containers EKS will always be a better solution than a manual setup of Docker.
Good solution would have been ECS+AmazonMQ not given here
Lambda can work with containers, but since there are limitations like 15 minutes limit we can't really consider it as a good solution.
So B is the least bad solution.
upvoted 16 times
Dantecito Most Recent 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
We were asked for the LEAST operational overhead, so the company already has a managed message broker and thats why we use Amazon MQ and
they are already using Kubernetes.
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
AnswerB
For me B is a correct solution. In question AMQP is mentioned and Amazon on his doc page about MQ is providing such information:
"Amazon MQ is a managed message broker service that provides compatibility with many popular message brokers. We recommend Amazon MQ
for migrating applications from existing message brokers that rely on compatibility with APIs such as JMS or protocols such as AMQP 0-9-1, AMQP
1.0, MQTT, OpenWire, and STOMP."
I cannot be coincidence that documentation is mentioning about AMQP.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazon-mq/latest/developer-guide/welcome.html
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (95%)
5%
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
I'd go for A.
Although the ideal solution and least modification would require B, with heavy rework the application can be (most likely) adopted to ECS+SQS. As it
is an AWS exam, not a vendor-agnostic SA exam, A will be the correct answer.
upvoted 1 times
seetpt 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B because only solution with Kubernetes
upvoted 1 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Should be B
upvoted 2 times