A company’s application is running on Amazon EC2 instances within an Auto Scaling group behind an Elastic Load Balancing (ELB)
load balancer. Based on the application's history, the company anticipates a spike in traffic during a holiday each year. A solutions
architect must design a strategy to ensure that the Auto Scaling group proactively increases capacity to minimize any performance
impact on application users.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to scale up the EC2 instances when CPU utilization exceeds 90%.
B. Create a recurring scheduled action to scale up the Auto Scaling group before the expected period of peak demand.
Most Voted
C. Increase the minimum and maximum number of EC2 instances in the Auto Scaling group during the peak demand period.
D. Configure an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notification to send alerts when there are
autoscaling:EC2_INSTANCE_LAUNCH events.
Comments
Cpso 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
objective is to optimize autoscaling but being fix number of ec2: "design a strategy to ensure that the Auto Scaling group proactively increases
capacity to minimize any performance impact on application users."
upvoted 1 times
KennethNg923 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: B
the company anticipates a spike in traffic during a holiday each year -> schedule action
upvoted 3 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
AnswerB
https://medium.com/@damadhav/aws-scaling-reactive-vs-proactive-vs-predictive-2701ad6d48c9
upvoted 4 times
7ce90e0 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
it says proactively
upvoted 4 times
zinabu 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
it needs a scheduled action for the yearly holiday peak traffic
upvoted 2 times
Mikado211 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
Since we know when we will have a peak of activity. A scheduled scaling is a good idea.
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (80%)
A (15%)
5%
zinabu 2 years, 1 month ago
selected answer: B
it needs a scheduled action for the yearly holiday peak traffic
upvoted 2 times
Hkayne 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
The answer IS A
upvoted 3 times