A global company runs its workloads on AWS. The company's application uses Amazon S3 buckets across AWS Regions for
sensitive data storage and analysis. The company stores millions of objects in multiple S3 buckets daily. The company wants to
identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
B. Use Amazon S3 Storage Lens to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled across Regions. Most Voted
C. Enable IAM Access Analyzer for S3 to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled across Regions.
D. Create an S3 Multi-Region Access Point to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled across Regions.
Comments
joseantoniopolo Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/s3-storage-lens/
upvoted 10 times
bmmbmm Most Recent 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3 Storage Lens's Data-protection metrics provide insights for data protection features, such as encryption and S3 Versioning. For example, you can
identify buckets that are not using default encryption with AWS Key Management Service keys (SSE-KMS) or S3 Versioning.
from
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/storage_lens_basics_metrics_recommendations.html
upvoted 1 times
nadeerm 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer is B
Option A: Set up an AWS CloudTrail event that has a rule to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled across Regions.
upvoted 2 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
FYI, the missing Option A: Set up an AWS CloudTrail event that has a rule to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled across Regions.
A - CloudTrail is meant for audit logs, not for analyzing bucket configurations directly.
B - Storage Lens can provide an overview of all S3 buckets and their versioning status across Regions. Those built-in features that can directly tackle
your problems should be your top preferences.
C - IAM Access Analyzer is designed for access management, not storage configuration analysis.
D - S3 Multi-Region Access Points allow applications to access S3 buckets across Regions using a single global endpoint. So not relevant as well.
upvoted 4 times
sandordini 1 year, 7 months ago
Correct answer: A
A: You can use an AWS Config managed rule to identify Amazon S3 buckets that do not have versioning enabled.
upvoted 2 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Potential Option A could "Use AWS Config rules to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled across Regions "
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
sandordini 1 year, 7 months ago
Question #889 contains all the answers including A, which is cloudtrail and obviously wrong.
On the other hand S3 Storage Lens:
You can use the Versioning-enabled bucket count metric to see which buckets use S3 Versioning. Then, you can take action in the S3 console to
enable S3 Versioning for other buckets. So correct answer: B
upvoted 8 times
Awsbeginner87 1 year, 8 months ago
Where is option A
upvoted 3 times
xBUGx 1 year, 8 months ago
where is option A?
upvoted 2 times