A company has an application that runs on a single Amazon EC2 instance. The application uses a MySQL database that runs on
the same EC2 instance. The company needs a highly available and automatically scalable solution to handle increased traffic.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Deploy the application to EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer. Create an
Amazon Redshift cluster that has multiple MySQL-compatible nodes.
B. Deploy the application to EC2 instances that are configured as a target group behind an Application Load Balancer. Create
an Amazon RDS for MySQL cluster that has multiple instances.
C. Deploy the application to EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer. Create an
Amazon Aurora Serverless MySQL cluster for the database layer. Most Voted
D. Deploy the application to EC2 instances that are configured as a target group behind an Application Load Balancer. Create
an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster that uses the MySQL connector.
Comments
haci Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Target groups are just a group of Ec2 instances. Target groups are closely associated with ELB and not ASG. We can just use ELB and Target groups to
route requests to EC2 instances. With this setup, there is no autoscaling which means instances cannot be added or removed when your load
increases/decreases.
upvoted 8 times
sheilawu Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
scalable solution= Amazon Aurora Serverless
upvoted 6 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I don't see how Redshift or ElastiCache relates to the question.
upvoted 1 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Option B:
Target Group: it doesn't inherently imply automatic scaling. You would need to manage scaling separately, either manually or through other
mechanisms like scheduled actions.
Option C:
Auto Scaling Group: This ensures that the EC2 instances can automatically scale in or out based on traffic and demand.
"The company needs a highly available and automatically scalable solution" => C
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
highly available and automatically scalable solution = Auto Scale for EC2 in front which we will have ALB and Aurora Server less will give us perfect
decoupled solution in which we can increase amount of servers per need and in case of server failure AutoScale will run new EC2 instance
upvoted 3 times
camps 2 years, 2 months ago
It's C!
upvoted 2 times
TruthWS 2 years, 2 months ago
Option C - keywords HA, automatically scalable
upvoted 2 times
alawada 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C Is what I will go for
upvoted 3 times