A company has a multi-tier payment processing application that is based on virtual machines (VMs). The communication between
the tiers occurs asynchronously through a third-party middleware solution that guarantees exactly-once delivery.
The company needs a solution that requires the least amount of infrastructure management. The solution must guarantee exactly-
once delivery for application messaging.
Which combination of actions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Use AWS Lambda for the compute layers in the architecture. Most Voted
B. Use Amazon EC2 instances for the compute layers in the architecture.
C. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) as the messaging component between the compute layers.
D. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queues as the messaging component between the compute layers.
Most Voted
E. Use containers that are based on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) for the compute layers in the
architecture.
Comments
osmk Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/FIFO-queues-exactly-once-processing.html
upvoted 6 times
Scheldon Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
AnswerAD,
SQS FIFO will guarantee exactly one time execution for each operation. The problem is with processing as we do not know if whole process will be
closed in 15 min (TTL for Lambda).
I'm choosing Lambda as it is natural thing for Payment procesing in AWS but I'm not 100% sure
upvoted 5 times
tch Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
SQS is helpful for Asynchronous processing workflows.
upvoted 1 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
"As its name suggests, exactly-once semantics means that each message is delivered precisely once. The message can neither be lost nor delivered
twice (or more times)."
- SNS doesn't provide exactly-once delivery. Thus, we need SQS.
- To achieve "least amount of intra management", we go with Lambda for compute layer.
upvoted 2 times
Sivaeas 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
Correct Answer: AD
Community vote distribution
AD (100%)
Lamdba+SQS FIFO
upvoted 4 times
PolarFox 2 years, 3 months ago
someone please explain why the combination of D and E is not the correct?
upvoted 2 times
stephensimudemy 2 years, 3 months ago
because qn says 'least amount of infrastructure management'.
E is not.
upvoted 2 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
While EKS can provide scalability, it still requires managing container infrastructure. This adds complexity (more overhead in infra mgmt than A) to
the solution
upvoted 1 times
jaswantn 2 years, 3 months ago
option A for payment processing.
option D for exactly once delivery.
upvoted 2 times
Umuntu 2 years, 4 months ago
CD IS THE BEST ANSWER
upvoted 1 times
hajra313 2 years, 4 months ago
a and d
upvoted 3 times