A company is migrating applications from an on-premises Microsoft Active Directory that the company manages to AWS. The
company deploys the applications in multiple AWS accounts. The company uses AWS Organizations to manage the accounts
centrally.
The company's security team needs a single sign-on solution across all the company's AWS accounts. The company must continue
to manage users and groups that are in the on-premises Active Directory.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create an Enterprise Edition Active Directory in AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory. Configure the Active
Directory to be the identity source for AWS IAM Identity Center.
B. Enable AWS IAM Identity Center. Configure a two-way forest trust relationship to connect the company's self-managed
Active Directory with IAM Identity Center by using AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory. Most Voted
C. Use AWS Directory Service and create a two-way trust relationship with the company's self-managed Active Directory.
D. Deploy an identity provider (IdP) on Amazon EC2. Link the IdP as an identity source within AWS IAM Identity Center.
Comments
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AWS IAM Identity Center (formerly AWS SSO): Provides SSO across multiple AWS accounts in an organization. By configuring a 2-way forest trust
relationship between the on-premises AD and MAD, IAM Identity Center can integrate seamlessly with the existing AD to manage authentication and
authorization, allowing the company to retain its existing on-premises AD as the primary identity source while extending to AWS.
A - This creates a separate directory in AWS, requiring migration of users and groups, which fails to continue using the on-premises AD.
C - IAM Identity Center is still needed for SSO (single sign-on) functionality.
D - OK but so much overhead.
upvoted 2 times
LuongTo 1 year, 7 months ago
why C is out?
upvoted 1 times
EdricHoang 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
"continue to manage users and groups that are in the on-premises Active Directory"
I go for B
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
AnswerB
AWS Directory Service lets you run Microsoft Active Directory (AD) as a managed service. AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory, also
referred to as AWS Managed Microsoft AD, is powered by Windows Server 2019.
With AWS Managed Microsoft AD, you can run directory-aware workloads in the AWS Cloud, including Microsoft SharePoint and custom .NET and
SQL Server-based applications. You can also configure a trust relationship between AWS Managed Microsoft AD in the AWS Cloud and your existing
on-premises Microsoft Active Directory, providing users and groups with access to resources in either domain, using AWS IAM Identity Center.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directoryservice/latest/admin-guide/directory_microsoft_ad.html
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
upvoted 2 times
Kaula 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directoryservice/latest/admin-guide/ms_ad_setup_trust.html
upvoted 4 times
haci 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Same with Q-28
upvoted 2 times