A company runs a critical data analysis job each week before the first day of the work week. The job requires at least 1 hour to
complete the analysis. The job is stateful and cannot tolerate interruptions. The company needs a solution to run the job on AWS.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create a container for the job. Schedule the job to run as an AWS Fargate task on an Amazon Elastic Container Service
(Amazon ECS) cluster by using Amazon EventBridge Scheduler. Most Voted
B. Configure the job to run in an AWS Lambda function. Create a scheduled rule in Amazon EventBridge to invoke the Lambda
function.
C. Configure an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 Spot Instances that run Amazon Linux. Configure a crontab entry on the
instances to run the analysis.
D. Configure an AWS DataSync task to run the job. Configure a cron expression to run the task on a schedule.
Comments
Hkayne Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
B is wrong because the job takes 1 hour and the lambda maximum execution time is 15 minutes.
C is wrong can't use spot instances because the job can not tolerate interruptions.
D iswrong too because DataSync is not designed to lunch jobs.
Correct answer is A
upvoted 6 times
mk168898 Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
B is not because lambda only max 15mins but job requires 1 hour
C is not because cannot tolerate interruptions, spot instance might be gone anytime.
D datasync doesn't seem correct
A is most correct
upvoted 1 times
744fdad 1 year, 10 months ago
I know datasync and lambda is event based, there are interruptions. C, doesnt address the scheduling requirement. Has to be A
upvoted 1 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. Create a container for the job. Schedule the job to run as an AWS Fargate task on an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster by
using Amazon EventBridge Scheduler.
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer: A
Fargate is compatibilie with ECS and is allowing for log running tasks
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)