A company has deployed a multi-account strategy on AWS by using AWS Control Tower. The company has provided individual
AWS accounts to each of its developers. The company wants to implement controls to limit AWS resource costs that the
developers incur.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Instruct each developer to tag all their resources with a tag that has a key of CostCenter and a value of the developer's
name. Use the required-tags AWS Config managed rule to check for the tag. Create an AWS Lambda function to terminate
resources that do not have the tag. Configure AWS Cost Explorer to send a daily report to each developer to monitor their
spending.
B. Use AWS Budgets to establish budgets for each developer account. Set up budget alerts for actual and forecast values to
notify developers when they exceed or expect to exceed their assigned budget. Use AWS Budgets actions to apply a DenyAll
policy to the developer's IAM role to prevent additional resources from being launched when the assigned budget is reached.
Most Voted
C. Use AWS Cost Explorer to monitor and report on costs for each developer account. Configure Cost Explorer to send a daily
report to each developer to monitor their spending. Use AWS Cost Anomaly Detection to detect anomalous spending and
provide alerts.
D. Use AWS Service Catalog to allow developers to launch resources within a limited cost range. Create AWS Lambda functions
in each AWS account to stop running resources at the end of each work day. Configure the Lambda functions to resume the
resources at the start of each work day.
Comments
Scheldon Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
AnswerB
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cost-management/latest/userguide/budgets-controls.html
Taking into consideration that AWS Budgets is allowing to will inform you that you exceeded budged and execute actions like for example IAM
actions to prevent running new resources in cloud, I think this option is a good and resonable move. In case of need budged can be always increased
and "chains" disabled.
upvoted 5 times
sandordini Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
My first instinct says B, but Im concerned about the central management abilities of AWS Budgets. It seems that even though it is not planned to be
used primarily to control other accounts its still possible:
"You can use actions to define an explicit response that you want to take when a budget exceeds its action threshold. You can trigger these alerts on
actual or forecasted cost and usage budgets.
1. The management account sets the budget and threshold for the member account using budget filters.
2. When the budget threshold is breached, a budget action applies a restrictive SCP on the OU.
So hopefully B :D
upvoted 5 times
ln2718 Most Recent 9 months, 2 weeks ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (72%)
C (28%)
AWS Budgets lets you set a per-account spend cap with alerts and Budgets actions that automatically apply a deny policy (e.g., attach a restrictive
IAM policy/SCP to the developer’s role) once the budget is hit. That both enforces a limit and requires minimal build/ops work.
upvoted 1 times
vmia159 12 months ago
Selected Answer: C
No answers is correct but I need to answer to leave comment. This question properly does not count towards the final mark.
Since what the developer have is AWS Account from the AWS Organisation, deny developer's IAM role does not make any sense as they can use the
root account and all the service is still running and cost money. What you actually need is SCP and stackset to deny their action and terminate all the
service they create.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - Tags help monitor costs, and AWS Config can enforce tagging rules, but manually tagging is TOO MUCH WORK.
B - Preventive (aka not reactive) cost control, good. Too provocative? Yeah, maybe. Developers might experience disruption if they hit their budget
limits unexpectedly, and then the cost a little over the budget might not seem like a problem anymore... BUT this is actually a preventive approach
with "the LEAST operational overhead".
C - "Daily reports" might be too late.
D - It can limit resource usage during non-working hours, but overall, you gotta deal with high operational overhead.
upvoted 2 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
The gist is, when you reach the limit, you must be stopped. It's the only way to prevent unexpected expenses. Reports, monitors, analyses, logs,
charts, they DON'T work.
upvoted 1 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
As beautifully explained in this article:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cost-management/latest/userguide/budgets-controls.html
upvoted 2 times
NSA_Poker 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
(A) is eliminated. 'send a daily report to each developer' can be ignored.
(C) is eliminated. 'detect anomalous spending' won't stop the spending.
(D) is eliminated. 'stop running resources at the end of each work day' won't stop developers from mining bitcoin ($$$) the next day.
(B) is correct. 'actions to apply a DenyAll policy..' is the only solution that will 'implement controls to limit AWS resource costs that the developers
incur.'
upvoted 3 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
I'd definitely be mining bitcoin the next day...
upvoted 3 times
f07ed8f 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
Seem AWS Budgets does not have DenyAll function but only
Apply a custom Deny IAM policy that restricts the ability for a user, group, or role to provision additional Amazon EC2 resources
upvoted 2 times
BBR01 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
B and D are too aggressive.
A - "Instruct each developer", nope, too much operational work.
upvoted 4 times