A company's near-real-time streaming application is running on AWS. As the data is ingested, a job runs on the data and takes 30
minutes to complete. The workload frequently experiences high latency due to large amounts of incoming data. A solutions
architect needs to design a scalable and serverless solution to enhance performance.
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take? (Choose two.)
A. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to ingest the data. Most Voted
B. Use AWS Lambda with AWS Step Functions to process the data.
C. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to ingest the data.
D. Use Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group to process the data.
E. Use AWS Fargate with Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to process the data. Most Voted
Comments
xBUGx Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: AE
Lambda maxed to 15mins
upvoted 5 times
JoeTromundo 1 year, 8 months ago
But through Step Functions it would be possible to divide a long task, lasting more than 15 minutes, into multiple Lambda invocations with a
maximum duration of 15 minutes.
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
but that will introduce additional overhead.
upvoted 1 times
mk168898 Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Eliminate B because lambda max handle 15minutes.
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: AE
AnswerAE
Amazon Kinesis data firehose for data ingesting, and hence output cannot go to EC2, hence Fargate with ECS.
upvoted 3 times
Hkayne 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: AE
A is correct for ingesting data.
B or E both choises are serverless but the difference is the lambda maximum execution time is 15 minutes. So the right option is E.
A and E
upvoted 3 times
Awsbeginner87 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: AE
Correct Answer: AE
Community vote distribution
AE (100%)
A-ingesting real-time data
E- serverless option ECS+fargate
upvoted 4 times
AlvinC2024 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: AE
The maximum run time for lambda is 15 mins.
upvoted 3 times