A company runs workloads in the AWS Cloud. The company wants to centrally collect security data to assess security across the
entire company and to improve workload protection.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort?
A. Configure a data lake in AWS Lake Formation. Use AWS Glue crawlers to ingest the security data into the data lake.
B. Configure an AWS Lambda function to collect the security data in .csv format. Upload the data to an Amazon S3 bucket.
C. Configure a data lake in Amazon Security Lake to collect the security data. Upload the data to an Amazon S3 bucket.
Most Voted
D. Configure an AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) replication instance to load the security data into an Amazon
RDS cluster.
Comments
sandordini Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
A, B, D are senseless +
Amazon Security Lake automatically centralizes security data from AWS environments, you can get a more complete understanding of your security
data across your entire organization. You can also improve the protection.
upvoted 7 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Let's just focus on Security Lake.
1. Purpose-built: Amazon Security Lake is specifically designed to collect and centralize security data with minimal configuration and development
overhead.
2. It integrates easily with AWS security services, providing a streamlined solution with less manual configuration compared to using AWS Glue or
Lambda.
3. This is also designed to scale automatically, making it the most efficient and effective solution for the needs mentioned in the question.
upvoted 1 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C. Configure a data lake in Amazon Security Lake to collect the security data. Upload the data to an Amazon S3 bucket.
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
Answer C
https://aws.amazon.com/security-lake/
Amazon Security Lake automatically centralizes security data from AWS environments, SaaS providers, on premises, and cloud sources into a
purpose-built data lake stored in your account.
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)