A company runs an AWS Lambda function in private subnets in a VPC. The subnets have a default route to the internet through an
Amazon EC2 NAT instance. The Lambda function processes input data and saves its output as an object to Amazon S3.
Intermittently, the Lambda function times out while trying to upload the object because of saturated traffic on the NAT instance's
network. The company wants to access Amazon S3 without traversing the internet.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Replace the EC2 NAT instance with an AWS managed NAT gateway.
B. Increase the size of the EC2 NAT instance in the VPC to a network optimized instance type.
C. Provision a gateway endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPUpdate the route tables of the subnets accordingly. Most Voted
D. Provision a transit gateway. Place transit gateway attachments in the private subnets where the Lambda function is running.
Comments
mk168898 1 year, 7 months ago
without internet => gateway endpoints
upvoted 3 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
Answer C
"The company wants to access Amazon S3 without traversing the internet." so we cannot use any NAT like in answer A & B. Transit Gateways is
allowing reach Direct Connect or VPN connection from VPC. Hence C need to be a good answer
upvoted 4 times
boubie44 2 years, 1 month ago
why not D? i don't understand
upvoted 2 times
DanielWuTRT 1 year, 11 months ago
Complexity and cost are high and too complicated for scenarios where only S3 access is required.
upvoted 2 times
waldirlsantos 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
The Key words are "Without traversig the internet". So, the awser is C.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/pt_br/vpc/latest/privatelink/gateway-endpoints.html
upvoted 4 times
AlvinC2024 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
By provisioning a gateway endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPC, you enable the Lambda function running in the private subnets to access S3 directly
without needing to go through the NAT instance or traverse the internet. This solution helps alleviate the network congestion issue and reduces
latency since the traffic between Lambda and S3 stays within the AWS network. Additionally, updating the route tables of the subnets to route S3
traffic through the gateway endpoint ensures that the Lambda function can seamlessly communicate with S3 without encountering timeouts caused
by network saturation on the NAT instance.
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (92%)
8%
dds69 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
NAT gateways are highly available and can automatically scale up to meet increased traffic demands.
upvoted 1 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
And uses the internet... So it can be a good solution, but not here, as: Without traversing the internet
upvoted 4 times
hpmargathia 2 years, 2 months ago
A
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2015/12/introducing-amazon-vpc-nat-gateway-a-managed-nat-service/
upvoted 1 times