A company has AWS Lambda functions that use environment variables. The company does not want its developers to see
environment variables in plaintext.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Deploy code to Amazon EC2 instances instead of using Lambda functions.
B. Configure SSL encryption on the Lambda functions to use AWS CloudHSM to store and encrypt the environment variables.
C. Create a certificate in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Configure the Lambda functions to use the certificate to encrypt the
environment variables.
D. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key. Enable encryption helpers on the Lambda functions to use the
KMS key to store and encrypt the environment variables. Most Voted
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option D
upvoted 7 times
osmk Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-envvars.html#configuration-envvars-encryption
upvoted 7 times
JA2018 Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Reasons for choosing D:
AWS KMS is the primary service for managing encryption keys in AWS. This makes it the most appropriate choice for encrypting sensitive
environment variables within Lambda functions.
Encryption helpers in Lambda allow you to easily integrate KMS key usage within your Lambda code, ensuring that environment variables are stored
and accessed in an encrypted format.
upvoted 2 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
"To configure encryption for your environment variables
Enable console encryption helpers to use client-side encryption to protect your data in transit.
Under Encryption in transit, choose Enable helpers for encryption in transit.
For each environment variable that you want to enable console encryption helpers for, choose Encrypt next to the environment variable.
Under AWS KMS key to encrypt in transit, choose a customer managed key that you created at the beginning of this procedure."
upvoted 3 times
Rhydian25 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
I don't understand why we should use a complex way of encrypting variables instead of using Parameter Store... but in this case the best option is D
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)