A company runs an application on several Amazon EC2 instances that store persistent data on an Amazon Elastic File System
(Amazon EFS) file system. The company needs to replicate the data to another AWS Region by using an AWS managed service
solution.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Use the EFS-to-EFS backup solution to replicate the data to an EFS file system in another Region.
B. Run a nightly script to copy data from the EFS file system to an Amazon S3 bucket. Enable S3 Cross-Region Replication on
the S3 bucket.
C. Create a VPC in another Region. Establish a cross-Region VPC peer. Run a nightly rsync to copy data from the original
Region to the new Region.
D. Use AWS Backup to create a backup plan with a rule that takes a daily backup and replicates it to another Region. Assign
the EFS file system resource to the backup plan. Most Voted
Comments
sandordini Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
NOTA: EFS-to-EFS backup: You must deploy this solution in the same AWS Region as your source Amazon EFS Folesystem
Not B, C: Not a managed AWS Solution
D: AWS backup will do the job, and is managed service.
upvoted 8 times
EdricHoang Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A is oke but it says "'AWS managed service solution"
So I go for D
upvoted 5 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
While EFS-to-EFS replication (Option A) is great for real-time replication, Option D (AWS Backup) is the more cost-effective choice for long-term
retention and administrative simplicity.
Also, I copied this from somewhere:
EFS-to-EFS Replication might not technically be an "AWS Managed Service" in the same sense as services like AWS Backup or Amazon RDS, but it is a
solution supported by AWS. The process is automated in the sense that AWS handles the replication between EFS file systems, but it does not
provide the same level of managed service (like backup solutions) that abstracts away storage, retention, and backup policy management.
However, the EFS-to-EFS solution is often classified under the broader umbrella of AWS managed solutions, since it directly integrates with EFS, but
AWS Backup may provide a more clear-cut "AWS managed" approach with better control over backup policies and retention.
upvoted 1 times
Cpso 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A-D : managed solution
Cost D<A
upvoted 1 times
Madushanka 1 year, 7 months ago
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (70%)
A (30%)
Answer D: AWS Backup is a managed service that handles backup operations. If AWS Backup is not available in your region, you can consider using
EFS-to-EFS backup
upvoted 2 times
mk168898 1 year, 7 months ago
AWS backup is the only managed service so D
upvoted 2 times
NSA_Poker 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
(A,B,C) are eliminated. They are NOT managed service solutions.
(D) is correct. 'AWS Backup offers a cost-effective, FULLY MANAGED, policy-based service that simplifies data protection at scale.'
https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/amazon-efs-backup-and-restore-using-aws-backup/
upvoted 3 times
Rahulmaddy 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
A is cheaper and less complicated to impliment compared to D
upvoted 3 times
Nm55569 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
Aws backup is not replicating. Efs replication is and it's managed in that you configure it and then it does the replication - no further actions required
It's also cheapest since it's free, you just pay for data transfer and storage
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/efs-replication.html
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-replication-for-amazon-elastic-file-system-efs/
upvoted 4 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
AnswerD
I think the most cost effective would solution presented in C, but hence in question it's clearly wrote that we should use AWS Managed Services
Solution, hence I think we have no other choice then to choose AWS backup (Option D)
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/managedservices/latest/userguide/features.html
upvoted 2 times
expouser 2 years ago
A: Replication is available in all AWS Regions in which EFS is available. To use replication in a Region that is disabled by default, you must first opt in
to the Region. For more information, see Managing AWS Regions in the AWS General Reference Reference Guide. If you later opt out of a Region,
Amazon EFS pauses all replication activities for the Region. To resume replication activities for the Region, you need to again opt in to the AWS
Region. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/efs-replication.html
upvoted 1 times
0bdf3af 2 years ago
A. you can replicate to another Region
upvoted 1 times
BatVanyo 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
To me "an AWS managed service solution" automatically translates to AWS Backup.
...Can't say if this is cheaper than EFS replication tho.
upvoted 3 times
xBUGx 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
To replicate data from an Amazon Elastic File System (EFS) file system to another AWS Region, the MOST cost-effective solution would be to use EFS
Replication. Here’s why:
EFS Replication:
EFS Replication allows you to natively create a copy of your file system in an AWS Region or Availability Zone (AZ) of your choice.
It automatically and transparently copies your data from the source file system to the destination, maintaining an RPO (Recovery Point Objective) of
15 minutes for most file systems.
This solution is specifically designed for replicating EFS data across Regions, ensuring data resilience and protection.
There are no additional costs for using replication failback, and you pay for the usual replication and file system changes as described in Amazon EFS
pricing12.
EFS Replication is available in all AWS Regions where EFS is available1.
upvoted 3 times
boluwatito 2 years, 2 months ago
But it is not a managed service
upvoted 3 times