A company’s developers want a secure way to gain SSH access on the company's Amazon EC2 instances that run the latest version
of Amazon Linux. The developers work remotely and in the corporate office.
The company wants to use AWS services as a part of the solution. The EC2 instances are hosted in a VPC private subnet and access
the internet through a NAT gateway that is deployed in a public subnet.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Create a bastion host in the same subnet as the EC2 instances. Grant the ec2:CreateVpnConnection IAM permission to the
developers. Install EC2 Instance Connect so that the developers can connect to the EC2 instances.
B. Create an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection between the corporate network and the VPC. Instruct the developers to use the
Site-to-Site VPN connection to access the EC2 instances when the developers are on the corporate network. Instruct the
developers to set up another VPN connection for access when they work remotely.
C. Create a bastion host in the public subnet of the VPConfigure the security groups and SSH keys of the bastion host to only
allow connections and SSH authentication from the developers’ corporate and remote networks. Instruct the developers to
connect through the bastion host by using SSH to reach the EC2 instances.
D. Attach the AmazonSSMManagedInstanceCore IAM policy to an IAM role that is associated with the EC2 instances. Instruct
the developers to use AWS Systems Manager Session Manager to access the EC2 instances. Most Voted
Comments
alawada Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
AWS Systems Manager Session Manager is a service that enables you to securely connect to your EC2 instances without using SSH keys or bastion
hosts. You can use Session Manager to access your instances through the AWS Management Console, the AWS CLI, or the AWS SDKs. Session
Manager uses IAM policies and roles to control who can access which instances. By attaching the AmazonSSMManagedlnstanceCore IAM policy to
an IAM role that is associated with the EC2 instances, you grant the Session Manager service the necessary permissions to perform actions on your
instances. You also need to attach another IAM policy to the developers' IAM users or roles that allows them to start sessions to the instances.
upvoted 7 times
Andy_09 Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Option D
upvoted 5 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A - Bastion hosts are typically placed in public subnets (not private subnets). Also, see option C below.
B - Would work, but this is too complex and too expensive.
C - An additional EC2 instance (bastion host) = instance running costs + endless maintenance.
D - God yes. No need to manage SSH keys, and access is encrypted by default.
upvoted 1 times
TruthWS 1 year, 8 months ago
Option D
upvoted 3 times
Mikado211 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)