A robotics company is designing a solution for medical surgery. The robots will use advanced sensors, cameras, and AI algorithms
to perceive their environment and to complete surgeries.
The company needs a public load balancer in the AWS Cloud that will ensure seamless communication with backend services. The
load balancer must be capable of routing traffic based on the query strings to different target groups. The traffic must also be
encrypted.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use a Network Load Balancer with a certificate attached from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Use query parameter-based
routing.
B. Use a Gateway Load Balancer. Import a generated certificate in AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM). Attach the
certificate to the load balancer. Use HTTP path-based routing.
C. Use an Application Load Balancer with a certificate attached from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Use query parameter-
based routing. Most Voted
D. Use a Network Load Balancer. Import a generated certificate in AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM). Attach the
certificate to the load balancer. Use query parameter-based routing.
Comments
TruthWS Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Option C - parameter is not a thing NLB can process
upvoted 6 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Neither Network Load Balancer nor Gateway Load Balancer supports query parameter-based routing.
upvoted 1 times
mk168898 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
only ALB can route traffic based on query parameter, NLB cannot.
So C
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC
I was thinking that it will be network LB but after checks it occurs that only Application LB is able to redirect/forward traffic based on query string.
and for encrypted traffic ACM is needed
We recommend that you create certificates for your load balancer using AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). ACM supports RSA certificates with 2048,
3072, and 4096-bit key lengths, and all ECDSA certificates. ACM integrates with Elastic Load Balancing so that you can deploy the certificate on your
load balancer. For more information, see the AWS Certificate Manager User Guide.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-listeners.html#rule-condition-types
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/create-https-listener.html
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
upvoted 4 times
alawada 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Provision an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in the AWS Cloud. ALB is a Layer 7 load balancer that supports advanced routing features, including
path-based routing.
upvoted 3 times