A company is migrating five on-premises applications to VPCs in the AWS Cloud. Each application is currently deployed in isolated
virtual networks on premises and should be deployed similarly in the AWS Cloud. The applications need to reach a shared services
VPC. All the applications must be able to communicate with each other.
If the migration is successful, the company will repeat the migration process for more than 100 applications.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead?
A. Deploy software VPN tunnels between the application VPCs and the shared services VPC. Add routes between the
application VPCs in their subnets to the shared services VPC.
B. Deploy VPC peering connections between the application VPCs and the shared services VPC. Add routes between the
application VPCs in their subnets to the shared services VPC through the peering connection.
C. Deploy an AWS Direct Connect connection between the application VPCs and the shared services VPAdd routes from the
application VPCs in their subnets to the shared services VPC and the applications VPCs. Add routes from the shared services
VPC subnets to the applications VPCs.
D. Deploy a transit gateway with associations between the transit gateway and the application VPCs and the shared services
VPC. Add routes between the application VPCs in their subnets and the application VPCs to the shared services VPC through
the transit gateway. Most Voted
Comments
Scheldon Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
Answer: D
https://aws.amazon.com/transit-gateway/
Looks like the best solution would be transit gateway. It will allow for inter-VPC communication for all 5 applications/VPC, reach shared resource/VPC
and in the future it will be easy to allow for inter-communication between even 100 VPCs (applications)
upvoted 5 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A - VPN Tunnels: High administrative overhead. Requires individual tunnel setup and routing configuration for each VPC, making scaling to 100+
VPCs inefficient.
B - VPC Peering: Moderate overhead. Requires manual peering for each pair of VPCs and routing configurations, which becomes harder to manage
as more VPCs are added.
C - Direct Connect: High cost and complexity. Direct Connect is typically used for hybrid cloud setups or data center connectivity but is costly and
harder to manage at large scale. Not suitable for connecting numerous VPCs in the AWS Cloud.
D - Transit Gateway: Lowest overhead. Acts as a centralized hub for managing inter-VPC communication and simplifies the process of routing
between VPCs. It is highly scalable and reduces the complexity of adding new VPCs, and optimal for managing large-scale environments.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
I copied this from somewhere else for your references.
upvoted 1 times
mk168898 1 year, 7 months ago
each application needs to be in their own VPC and can communicate with each other => transit gateway
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (93%)
7%
upvoted 2 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D. Deploy a transit gateway with associations between the transit gateway and the application VPCs and the shared services VPC. Add routes
between the application VPCs in their subnets and the application VPCs to the shared services VPC through the transit gateway.
upvoted 2 times
emakid 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
AWS Transit Gateway:
Centralized Connectivity: AWS Transit Gateway provides a hub-and-spoke model for connecting multiple VPCs, simplifying network management by
providing a single point of connectivity for all VPCs.
Scalability: It is designed to handle many VPCs, making it suitable for scaling beyond the initial five applications to more than 100 applications.
Reduced Administrative Overhead: Managing VPC peering connections or VPN tunnels for each pair of VPCs would become complex and difficult to
manage at scale. Transit Gateway simplifies this by providing centralized routing and connectivity.
upvoted 3 times
DanielWuTRT 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
the LEAST administrative overhead = transit gateway
upvoted 2 times
0bdf3af 2 years ago
D. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/building-scalable-secure-multi-vpc-network-infrastructure/transit-gateway.html
upvoted 3 times
Hkayne 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct answer is B
upvoted 1 times
dragossky 1 year, 5 months ago
not possible, vpc peerings can have up to 125 connections and the request is for 100 apps, meaning 100(100-1)/2 connections...
upvoted 1 times