A company creates operations data and stores the data in an Amazon S3 bucket. For the company's annual audit, an external
consultant needs to access an annual report that is stored in the S3 bucket. The external consultant needs to access the report for
7 days.
The company must implement a solution to allow the external consultant access to only the report.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?
A. Create a new S3 bucket that is configured to host a public static website. Migrate the operations data to the new S3 bucket.
Share the S3 website URL with the external consultant.
B. Enable public access to the S3 bucket for 7 days. Remove access to the S3 bucket when the external consultant completes
the audit.
C. Create a new IAM user that has access to the report in the S3 bucket. Provide the access keys to the external consultant.
Revoke the access keys after 7 days.
D. Generate a presigned URL that has the required access to the location of the report on the S3 bucket. Share the presigned
URL with the external consultant. Most Voted
Comments
Hkayne Highly Voted 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Pre-signed URLs are used to provide short-term access to a private object in your S3 bucket. They work by appending an AWS Access Key, expiration
time, and Sigv4 signature as query parameters to the S3 object.
upvoted 6 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A - Yeah, too much trouble.
B - Even if you remove access after the 7 days, the bucket would be publicly accessible during the time frame, which could lead to accidental data
exposure.
C - A little better than A, but you gotta create a new IAM user, provide access keys, and manually revok them after 7 days. I'm not even sure I can
remember that a week later...
D - No need to manage IAM users or keys. Also, everything you need to do can be done within 10 minutes.
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
AnswerD
When using CLI to create presigned URL we can setup 7days (max) for URL expiration from the time of creation.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ShareObjectPreSignedURL.html
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)