A company is designing its production application's disaster recovery (DR) strategy. The application is backed by a MySQL
database on an Amazon Aurora cluster in the us-east-1 Region. The company has chosen the us-west-1 Region as its DR Region.
The company's target recovery point objective (RPO) is 5 minutes and the target recovery time objective (RTO) is 20 minutes. The
company wants to minimize configuration changes.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?
A. Create an Aurora read replica in us-west-1 similar in size to the production application's Aurora MySQL cluster writer
instance.
B. Convert the Aurora cluster to an Aurora global database. Configure managed failover. Most Voted
C. Create a new Aurora cluster in us-west-1 that has Cross-Region Replication.
D. Create a new Aurora cluster in us-west-1. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to sync both clusters.
Comments
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - Read replicas can't automatically provide failover in the event of a disaster.
B - Aurora Global Databases are designed for cross-region replication and are synchronous, which means they can meet a low RPO (within seconds).
Then failover is automated, meaning that if the primary region fails, traffic can be redirected to the secondary region automatically.
C - Aurora does not automatically fail over with cross-region replication. You need to promote the replica manually, which could take longer than 20
minutes. The 5-minute RPO might not be met either.
D - Well, just too much work to do manually. Let's simply rule it out.
upvoted 3 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B. Convert the Aurora cluster to an Aurora global database. Configure managed failover.
upvoted 1 times
EdricHoang 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I go for B. However, C is also a good option except manual failover intervention
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer:B
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/global-database/
Cross-Region disaster recovery
If your primary Region suffers a performance degradation or outage, you can promote one of the secondary Regions to take read/write
responsibilities. An Aurora cluster can recover in less than 1 minute, even in the event of a complete Regional outage. This provides your application
with an effective recovery point objective (RPO) of 1 second and a recovery time objective (RTO) of less than 1 minute, providing a strong foundation
for a global business continuity plan.
upvoted 3 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
Selected Answer: B
Aurora Global Database: allowing a single Amazon Aurora database to span multiple AWS Regions. It replicates your data with no impact on
database performance, enables fast local reads with low latency in each Region, and provides disaster recovery from Region-wide outages.
upvoted 3 times