A company has an on-premises application that uses SFTP to collect financial data from multiple vendors. The company is
migrating to the AWS Cloud. The company has created an application that uses Amazon S3 APIs to upload files from vendors.
Some vendors run their systems on legacy applications that do not support S3 APIs. The vendors want to continue to use SFTP-
based applications to upload data. The company wants to use managed services for the needs of the vendors that use legacy
applications.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create an AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) instance to replicate data from the storage of the vendors that use
legacy applications to Amazon S3. Provide the vendors with the credentials to access the AWS DMS instance.
B. Create an AWS Transfer Family endpoint for vendors that use legacy applications. Most Voted
C. Configure an Amazon EC2 instance to run an SFTP server. Instruct the vendors that use legacy applications to use the SFTP
server to upload data.
D. Configure an Amazon S3 File Gateway for vendors that use legacy applications to upload files to an SMB file share.
Comments
asdfcdsxdfc Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is correct
upvoted 8 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - DMS is designed for database migrations, not for file-based SFTP uploads.
B - AWS Transfer Family is a fully managed service that supports SFTP, FTPS, and FTP protocols.
C - OK but significant operational overhead.
D - S3 File Gateway supports SMB and NFS, not SFTP.
upvoted 2 times
Dantecito 1 year, 3 months ago
also C - Not a managed services.
upvoted 1 times
Johnoppong101 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer is B
upvoted 1 times
Sergiuss95 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
Explanation:
AWS Transfer Family is a fully managed service that allows you to set up SFTP, FTPS, and FTP endpoints for accessing Amazon S3 and Amazon EFS
storage.
By creating an AWS Transfer Family endpoint, the company can provide vendors with the familiar SFTP interface to upload data directly to Amazon S3
without requiring them to make any changes to their legacy applications.
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
This solution eliminates the need for the company to manage and maintain additional infrastructure such as EC2 instances or file gateways.
AWS Transfer Family handles scalability, availability, and security, reducing operational overhead for the company.
upvoted 4 times
seetpt 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is correct
upvoted 2 times