A company recently migrated its application to AWS. The application runs on Amazon EC2 Linux instances in an Auto Scaling
group across multiple Availability Zones. The application stores data in an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system
that uses EFS Standard-Infrequent Access storage. The application indexes the company's files. The index is stored in an Amazon
RDS database.
The company needs to optimize storage costs with some application and services changes.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket that uses an Intelligent-Tiering lifecycle policy. Copy all files to the S3 bucket. Update the
application to use Amazon S3 API to store and retrieve files. Most Voted
B. Deploy Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file shares. Update the application to use CIFS protocol to store and retrieve
files.
C. Deploy Amazon FSx for OpenZFS file system shares. Update the application to use the new mount point to store and
retrieve files.
D. Create an Amazon S3 bucket that uses S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. Copy all files to the S3 bucket. Update the application to
use Amazon S3 API to store and retrieve files as standard retrievals.
Comments
xBUGx Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
i go with A since there is no other better options
upvoted 6 times
sandordini Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
B, C, D off.
B - Windows
C - OpenZFS Costs ~ NFS Costs *3 (optimized mainly for high-performance Data analysis)
D - Glacier Standard retrieval: 12 Hrs
upvoted 5 times
Dantecito 1 year, 3 months ago
Expedited retrievals: Typically complete in 1–5 minutes
Standard retrievals: Typically complete in 3–5 hours
Free bulk retrievals: Typically complete in 5–12 hours
upvoted 1 times
TeamACT 1 year, 11 months ago
Glacier standard retrieval is 5 hrs and not 12. It is glacier deep archive standard that is 12 hours.
upvoted 2 times
mk168898 Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Chose A because optimise storage costs => s3 bucket intelligent tiering
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Since the company is ok with "some application and services changes", then A is definitely the most cost-effective option.
D can take up to few hours to complete retrievals.
upvoted 2 times
Johnoppong101 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
EFS Infrequent access -> milliseconds retrieval time, can`t replace with 12hrs for Glacier.
upvoted 2 times
KennethNg923 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: A
optimize storage costs with some application and services changes -> Intelligent Tiering
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
AnswerA
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/intelligent-tiering-overview.html
upvoted 3 times
TruthWS 2 years, 2 months ago
A is correct
upvoted 2 times
Kenneth99 2 years, 2 months ago
should be A?
upvoted 3 times