A company stores multiple Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) in an AWS account to launch its Amazon EC2 instances. The AMIs
contain critical data and configurations that are necessary for the company’s operations. The company wants to implement a
solution that will recover accidentally deleted AMIs quickly and efficiently.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots of the AMIs. Store the snapshots in a separate AWS account.
B. Copy all AMIs to another AWS account periodically.
C. Create a retention rule in Recycle Bin. Most Voted
D. Upload the AMIs to an Amazon S3 bucket that has Cross-Region Replication.
Comments
alawada Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Recycle Bin is a data recovery feature that enables you to restore accidentally deleted Amazon EBS snapshots and EBS-backed AMIs. When using
Recycle Bin, if your resources are deleted, they are retained in the Recycle Bin for a time period that you specify before being permanently deleted.
You can restore a resource from the Recycle Bin at any time before its retention period expires. This solution has the least operational overhead, as
you do not need to create, copy, or upload any additional resources. You can also manage tags and permissions for AMIs in the Recycle Bin. AMIs in
the Recycle Bin do not incur any additional charges.Reference:
upvoted 8 times
asdfcdsxdfc Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is correct
upvoted 2 times
Naveena_Devanga 1 year, 9 months ago
Option C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/recycle-bin-working-with-rules.html
upvoted 2 times
Freddie26 1 year, 9 months ago
Option C is correct. Recycling bin is a new feature to protect snaps and AMIs from accidental or malicious deleting. Inside the recycling bin, set a
retention policy, and then your images or snapshots are protected.
upvoted 4 times
mestule 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2022/02/amazon-ec2-recycle-bin-machine-images/
upvoted 4 times
Andy_09 1 year, 10 months ago
Option C
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)