A company runs its application on Oracle Database Enterprise Edition. The company needs to migrate the application and the
database to AWS. The company can use the Bring Your Own License (BYOL) model while migrating to AWS. The application uses
third-party database features that require privileged access.
A solutions architect must design a solution for the database migration.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS for Oracle by using native tools. Replace the third-party features with AWS Lambda.
B. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS Custom for Oracle by using native tools. Customize the new database settings to
support the third-party features. Most Voted
C. Migrate the database to Amazon DynamoDB by using AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS). Customize the new
database settings to support the third-party features.
D. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL by using AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS). Rewrite the
application code to remove the dependency on third-party features.
Comments
Scheldon 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AnswerB
BYOL + third-party features/applications = RDS Custom. Hence customer is using Oracle so we should use RDS customer for Oracle
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/rds-custom.html
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/amazon-rds-custom-for-oracle-new-control-capabilities-in-database-environment/
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/working-with-custom-oracle.html
upvoted 3 times
zinabu 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Amazon RDS Custom for Oracle by using native tools= to support the third-party features.
upvoted 1 times
Hkayne 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B IS suitable for this use case : thé use or BYOL and the use or third party features with privileged access
upvoted 1 times
jcck202020 1 year, 8 months ago
Considering the requirements and the need to use Oracle Database features with privileged access and BYOL, Option B (Migrate the database to
Amazon RDS Custom for Oracle by using native tools. Customize the new database settings to support the third-party features) is the most cost-
effective and suitable solution. It allows for significant customization needed to accommodate specific third-party features while leveraging existing
Oracle licenses.
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)