A company wants to use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to run its on-premises application in a hybrid
environment. The application currently runs on containers on premises.
The company needs a single container solution that can scale in an on-premises, hybrid, or cloud environment. The company must
run new application containers in the AWS Cloud and must use a load balancer for HTTP traffic.
Which combination of actions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Set up an ECS cluster that uses the AWS Fargate launch type for the cloud application containers. Use an Amazon ECS
Anywhere external launch type for the on-premises application containers. Most Voted
B. Set up an Application Load Balancer for cloud ECS services. Most Voted
C. Set up a Network Load Balancer for cloud ECS services.
D. Set up an ECS cluster that uses the AWS Fargate launch type. Use Fargate for the cloud application containers and the on-
premises application containers.
E. Set up an ECS cluster that uses the Amazon EC2 launch type for the cloud application containers. Use Amazon ECS
Anywhere with an AWS Fargate launch type for the on-premises application containers.
Comments
Scheldon Highly Voted 2 years ago
Answer: AB
We need to load-balance HTTP traffic hence Application Load Balancer is needed. Because Customer want to use container solution we need to use
ECS with Fargate which will lunch cloud applications. To run on-premises applications in containers we need to use ECS Anyware.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/AWS_Fargate.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/Welcome.html
upvoted 5 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Amazon ECS services on AWS Fargate support the Application Load Balancer and Network Load Balancer load balancer types. Application Load
Balancers are used to route HTTP/HTTPS (or layer 7) traffic.
Serverless (AWS Fargate (Fargate)) in the AWS cloud
Fargate is a serverless, pay-as-you-go compute engine. With Fargate you don't need to manage servers, handle capacity planning, or isolate
container workloads for security.
On-premises virtual machines (VM) or servers
Amazon ECS Anywhere provides support for registering an external instance such as an on-premises server or virtual machine (VM), to your
Amazon ECS cluster.
upvoted 2 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
E is incorrect because the combination of EC2 for cloud containers and Fargate for on-premises containers is unnecessary and would complicate the
solution unnecessarily. Using ECS Anywhere with Fargate for both environments is a simpler and more efficient approach (option A).
Also, HTTP => ALB; TCP/UDP => NLB.
upvoted 1 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
Correct Answer: AB
Community vote distribution
AB (100%)
AB.the combination of setting up an ECS cluster with Fargate for the cloud and ECS Anywhere for on-premises, along with using an Application Load
Balancer, provides a scalable, hybrid, and cloud-native solution with minimal operational overhead.
upvoted 2 times
emakid 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
the combination of setting up an ECS cluster with Fargate for the cloud and ECS Anywhere for on-premises, along with using an Application Load
Balancer, provides a scalable, hybrid, and cloud-native solution with minimal operational overhead.
upvoted 3 times
KennethNg923 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
Have to use fargate, and since it has on-premises application so it need to use Amazon ECS Anywhere
upvoted 3 times
0bdf3af 2 years ago
BD.
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/getting-started-with-amazon-ecs-anywhere-now-generally-available/
upvoted 1 times
Hkayne 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: AB
AB is the correct answer,must lunch the cluster as external lunch
upvoted 2 times