A company wants to run its payment application on AWS. The application receives payment notifications from mobile devices.
Payment notifications require a basic validation before they are sent for further processing.
The backend processing application is long running and requires compute and memory to be adjusted. The company does not
want to manage the infrastructure.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Integrate the queue with an Amazon EventBridge rule to
receive payment notifications from mobile devices. Configure the rule to validate payment notifications and send the
notifications to the backend application. Deploy the backend application on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
Anywhere. Create a standalone cluster.
B. Create an Amazon API Gateway API. Integrate the API with an AWS Step Functions state machine to receive payment
notifications from mobile devices. Invoke the state machine to validate payment notifications and send the notifications to the
backend application. Deploy the backend application on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). Configure an EKS
cluster with self-managed nodes.
C. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Integrate the queue with an Amazon EventBridge rule to
receive payment notifications from mobile devices. Configure the rule to validate payment notifications and send the
notifications to the backend application. Deploy the backend application on Amazon EC2 Spot Instances. Configure a Spot
Fleet with a default allocation strategy.
D. Create an Amazon API Gateway API. Integrate the API with AWS Lambda to receive payment notifications from mobile
devices. Invoke a Lambda function to validate payment notifications and send the notifications to the backend application.
Deploy the backend application on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Configure Amazon ECS with an AWS
Fargate launch type. Most Voted
Comments
Mikado211 Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
We want to have least overhead and no infrastructure (aka no server).
So no infrastructure == not C
least overhead == ECS better than EKS == not B and not A
Fargate is serverless so D is still valid.
So the answer is D.
upvoted 5 times
Cpso Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D= less operation. But should have SQS to buffer a job.
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
AnswerD
I would go with Lambda function to do basic validation it should not take more then 15min hence Lambda is perfect for that job. Then we have
information that backend processing application is long running and we need to make compute and memory adjustment, and everythink need to be
automatic as company do not want to manage infrastucture. In that situation Fargate with ECS will be ideal as it can run background application for
every paymant separetly we need only adjust amunt of resources in use. More payments more application running, mmore resources in use and
oposite,
upvoted 1 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
Lot of grip in this question, but to keep it short:
No infra: B, C Out.
EKS Anywhere: Onprem + AWS: Not needed.
ECS Fargate: Serverless, Least Ops Overhead, SQS fine for the queue, Lambda good for basic validation.
upvoted 3 times
seetpt 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D is correct
upvoted 4 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
shouldn't it be D?
upvoted 3 times