A solutions architect runs a web application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances that are in individual target groups behind an
Application Load Balancer (ALB). Users can reach the application through a public website.
The solutions architect wants to allow engineers to use a development version of the website to access one specific development
EC2 instance to test new features for the application. The solutions architect wants to use an Amazon Route 53 hosted zone to
give the engineers access to the development instance. The solution must automatically route to the development instance even if
the development instance is replaced.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create an A Record for the development website that has the value set to the ALB. Create a listener rule on the ALB that
forwards requests for the development website to the target group that contains the development instance. Most Voted
B. Recreate the development instance with a public IP address. Create an A Record for the development website that has the
value set to the public IP address of the development instance.
C. Create an A Record for the development website that has the value set to the ALB. Create a listener rule on the ALB to
redirect requests for the development website to the public IP address of the development instance.
D. Place all the instances in the same target group. Create an A Record for the development website. Set the value to the ALB.
Create a listener rule on the ALB that forwards requests for the development website to the target group.
Comments
Mikado211 Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Both A and C look correct but with the C you pass through the ALB to be redirected to a public IP (so go outside) to come back again through this
public IP which is not ideal.
The answer A is much cleaner and simplier with a dedicated target group and a listener rule pointing it.
upvoted 8 times
elmyth 1 year, 9 months ago
Public IP is not permanent, so definitely not B and C
upvoted 3 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
B: Directly using a public IP address ties the A Record to a specific instance, which is not ideal since replacing the instance would require manually
updating the Route 53 record.
C: Redirecting to a public IP address of the development instance is similar to option B, and would also require manual updates if the instance
changes.
upvoted 2 times
gdf54634 Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Should be A as it points to the target group for easy replacement etc
upvoted 7 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
B - If the development instance is replaced, the public IP address changes, requiring manual DNS updates in Route 53.
C - The ALB listener rule cannot directly redirect traffic based on the instance's public IP address without using a target group.
D - Without traffic isolation, you could easily route requests for the development website to production instances. Dangerous and just plain wrong.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
FYI, I copied this after googling.
What is a DNS "A record"?
The "A" stands for "address" and this is the most fundamental type of DNS record: it indicates the IP address of a given domain. For example, if you
pull the DNS records of cloudflare.com, the A record currently returns an IP address of: 104.17.210.9.
A records only hold IPv4 addresses. If a website has an IPv6 address, it will instead use an "AAAA" record.
upvoted 1 times
Cpso 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A.But not totally correct. ALB IP can be change. should use CNAME record.
upvoted 2 times
GOTJ 1 year, 2 months ago
That's right! In fact, you shouldn't associate an "A" record to an ALB. You must use a CNAME record instead
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
By setting the A Record to point to the ALB, you ensure that even if the development instance is replaced, the DNS record will still direct traffic to the
correct target group which contains the new development instance, maintaining accessibility for engineers.
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Why we have to rule out the other options:
B: Using the public IP address of the development instance directly would break access if the instance is replaced, as the IP address would change.
C: Redirecting requests from the ALB to the development instance's public IP is not a good practice as it bypasses the load balancing functionality
of the ALB.
D: Placing all instances in the same target group would not allow for separate access to the development instance as the load balancer would
distribute traffic across all instances, including production ones.
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
To conclude, option A provides the necessary flexibility and reliability to access the development instance while utilizing the ALB for load balancing
and automatic failover capabilities.
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
AnswerA,
With ALB which will point to appopriate dev group we will be able easy to create HA for dev servers.
upvoted 3 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
I think its A
upvoted 2 times