A company runs its critical storage application in the AWS Cloud. The application uses Amazon S3 in two AWS Regions. The
company wants the application to send remote user data to the nearest S3 bucket with no public network congestion. The
company also wants the application to fail over with the least amount of management of Amazon S3.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Implement an active-active design between the two Regions. Configure the application to use the regional S3 endpoints
closest to the user.
B. Use an active-passive configuration with S3 Multi-Region Access Points. Create a global endpoint for each of the Regions.
C. Send user data to the regional S3 endpoints closest to the user. Configure an S3 cross-account replication rule to keep the
S3 buckets synchronized.
D. Set up Amazon S3 to use Multi-Region Access Points in an active-active configuration with a single global endpoint.
Configure S3 Cross-Region Replication. Most Voted
Comments
sandordini Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
Using a Multi-region Accesspoint in an Active-Active setup will send data to the closest Region, without accessing the internet: "send remote user
data to the nearest S3 bucket with no public network congestion"
Not very easy to read and understand but it's all there: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/MultiRegionAccessPoints.html
upvoted 16 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A - The "implementation" is so much more complicated than you think.
B - Active-passive? Then you gotta promote the passive region to active manually in case of failure.
C - This option does nothing to achieve low-latency or failover requirements.
D - It simplifies configuration and management with a single global endpoint, and provides seamless failover and high availability through Multi-
Region Access Points and Cross-Region Replication.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
And yes, the single global endpoint in option D will automatically route traffic to the nearest bucket, which ensures low-latency, which is a plus.
upvoted 1 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D. Set up Amazon S3 to use Multi-Region Access Points in an active-active configuration with a single global endpoint. Configure S3 Cross-Region
Replication.
upvoted 2 times
ike001 1 year, 11 months ago
D is correct
upvoted 3 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
Answer D
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/MultiRegionAccessPoints.html
When you create a Multi-Region Access Point, you specify a set of AWS Regions where you want to store data to be served through that Multi-
Region Access Point. You can use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to synchronize data among buckets in those Regions. You can then request or
write data through the Multi-Region Access Point global endpoint. Amazon S3 automatically serves requests to the replicated dataset from the
closest available Region. Multi-Region Access Points are also compatible with applications that are running in Amazon virtual private clouds (VPCs),
including those that are using AWS PrivateLink for Amazon S3.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/replication.html
upvoted 3 times
1223d0e 2 years, 1 month ago
To me it looks like C, the requirement is to send the request to the closest region
upvoted 1 times
trongod05 1 year, 8 months ago
It's D. In an active-active configuration, requests made to an S3 Multi-Region Access Point’s global endpoint automatically route over the AWS
global network to the nearest S3 bucket. This allows applications to automatically avoid congested network segments on the public internet,
improving application performance and reliability.
upvoted 2 times