A company collects and processes data from a vendor. The vendor stores its data in an Amazon RDS for MySQL database in the
vendor's own AWS account. The company’s VPC does not have an internet gateway, an AWS Direct Connect connection, or an
AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection. The company needs to access the data that is in the vendor database.
Which solution will meet this requirement?
A. Instruct the vendor to sign up for the AWS Hosted Connection Direct Connect Program. Use VPC peering to connect the
company's VPC and the vendor's VPC.
B. Configure a client VPN connection between the company's VPC and the vendor's VPC. Use VPC peering to connect the
company's VPC and the vendor's VPC.
C. Instruct the vendor to create a Network Load Balancer (NLB). Place the NLB in front of the Amazon RDS for MySQL
database. Use AWS PrivateLink to integrate the company's VPC and the vendor's VPC. Most Voted
D. Use AWS Transit Gateway to integrate the company's VPC and the vendor's VPC. Use VPC peering to connect the company’s
VPC and the vendor's VPC.
Comments
Ucy Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Pour yourself a cold beer, when you get to this question, its been a very long run
upvoted 22 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
PrivateLink: AWS PrivateLink enables secure and private access to resources (like RDS) across accounts and VPCs using interface endpoints. It avoids
exposing the database to the internet.
NLB: A Network Load Balancer acts as the integration point for PrivateLink. The vendor's NLB will route traffic to the RDS database.
VPC Without Internet Gateway: PrivateLink works even if the company's VPC does not have an internet gateway because communication occurs over
private AWS infrastructure.
Option A, B, and D all mention VPC Peering, but it doesn't enable direct access to RDS without additional routing or security configurations.
upvoted 4 times
Scheldon 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC
AWS PrivateLink enables you to connect to some AWS services, services hosted by other AWS accounts (referred to as endpoint services), and
supported AWS Marketplace partner services, via private IP addresses in your VPC. The interface endpoints are created directly inside of your VPC,
using elastic network interfaces and IP addresses in your VPC’s subnets. That means that VPC Security Groups can be used to manage access to the
endpoints.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-vpc-connectivity-options/aws-privatelink.html
upvoted 2 times
Nm55569 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/access-amazon-rds-across-vpcs-using-aws-privatelink-and-network-load-balancer/
upvoted 2 times
TwinSpark 2 years ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (95%)
5%
I think i go for C, because if you exclude Dirct connect, VPN and GW so only C is available. but create an NLB zo do not want provision a transit GW
sounds weird to me
upvoted 1 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
Private link:
Does not require VPC linking: NO Internet Gateway, NO NAT GAteway, No Route table
Needs NLB on Service VPC, and ENI on the Customer VPC
upvoted 4 times
rondelldell 2 years, 2 months ago
D
You can peer both intra-Region and inter-Region transit gateways, and route traffic between them, which includes IPv4 and IPv6 traffic. To do this,
create a peering attachment on your transit gateway, and specify a transit gateway. The peer transit gateway can be in your account or a different
AWS account.
After you create a peering attachment request, the owner of the peer transit gateway (also referred to as the accepter transit gateway) must accept
the request. To route traffic between the transit gateways, add a static route to the transit gateway route table that points to the transit gateway
peering attachment.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/tgw/tgw-peering.html
upvoted 2 times
xBUGx 2 years, 2 months ago
D does not involve internet. But TGW is unnecessary.
A is more simple and clear.
upvoted 1 times
Sivaeas 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS PrivateLink:
AWS PrivateLink enables you to privately access services hosted on AWS in a highly available and scalable manner. With PrivateLink, you can access
the vendor's RDS for MySQL instance securely without exposing it to the public internet.
The vendor can create a VPC endpoint for RDS within their own VPC, which acts as an entry point for accessing the RDS instance. This endpoint can
then be shared with the company.
The company can create a VPC endpoint service in their VPC and accept the endpoint connection request from the vendor. This allows the
company's resources to communicate with the RDS instance securely through PrivateLink.
upvoted 3 times
lenotc 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is correct:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/how-to-securely-publish-internet-applications-at-scale-using-application-load-
balancer-and-aws-privatelink/
upvoted 1 times
1dd 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Plz commit the previous comment,
A involve- Direct connect
B involve - peering required same region
D involve - uses internet gateway
upvoted 3 times
1dd 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
No internet gateway XD
No Direct connect XC
No Peering XB
upvoted 1 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
Shouldn't it be D?
upvoted 3 times
1dd 2 years, 3 months ago
I think it required use of internet gateway .
upvoted 1 times
Jacky_S 1 year, 11 months ago
No, it did not
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/tgw/tgw-transit-gateways.html
upvoted 1 times
rondelldell 2 years, 2 months ago
YES D
transit gateway is like router - u can connect VPCs AND OnPrem. VPCs can be in anuther account or region or org
upvoted 1 times
Sergantus 1 year, 7 months ago
VPC peering merges two VPCs and exposes all the services across both VPCs, which is more than less desirable
upvoted 1 times