A company’s application is receiving data from multiple data sources. The size of the data varies and is expected to increase over
time. The current maximum size is 700 KB. The data volume and data size continue to grow as more data sources are added.
The company decides to use Amazon DynamoDB as the primary database for the application. A solutions architect needs to
identify a solution that handles the large data sizes.
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way?
A. Create an AWS Lambda function to filter the data that exceeds DynamoDB item size limits. Store the larger data in an
Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) database.
B. Store the large data as objects in an Amazon S3 bucket. In a DynamoDB table, create an item that has an attribute that
points to the S3 URL of the data. Most Voted
C. Split all incoming large data into a collection of items that have the same partition key. Write the data to a DynamoDB table
in a single operation by using the BatchWriteItem API operation.
D. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses gzip compression to compress the large objects as they are written to a
DynamoDB table.
Comments
Neung983 Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
option B is the most operationally efficient solution for handling large data sizes in Amazon DynamoDB.
upvoted 9 times
seetpt Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is correct
upvoted 5 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - Introducing another database. No need.
B - Decoupling the large data storage (S3) from the metadata or smaller structured data (DynamoDB) is an AWS-recommended pattern.
C - OK but this is too complicated.
D - Compression does not guarantee that the data will always fit within DynamoDB's 400 KB limit.
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
AnswerB
Compresion of data in DynamoDB is a good idea especially for text data link from forum, but to do that we do not need AWS Lambda if I'm not
wrong.
In other head Storing big object on S3 and seving URL to it in DynamoDB is one of best practices mentioned by Amazon. Hence we do not know
what kind of data we are storing in DB and how big objects will be in the future option B looks like the best solution.
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/large-object-storage-strategies-for-amazon-dynamodb/ <<<< Read Option 2
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/bp-use-s3-too.html
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
Sergiuss95 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/bp-use-s3-too.html
upvoted 2 times