A company needs to extract the names of ingredients from recipe records that are stored as text files in an Amazon S3 bucket. A
web application will use the ingredient names to query an Amazon DynamoDB table and determine a nutrition score.
The application can handle non-food records and errors. The company does not have any employees who have machine learning
knowledge to develop this solution.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Use S3 Event Notifications to invoke an AWS Lambda function when PutObject requests occur. Program the Lambda
function to analyze the object and extract the ingredient names by using Amazon Comprehend. Store the Amazon
Comprehend output in the DynamoDB table. Most Voted
B. Use an Amazon EventBridge rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function when PutObject requests occur. Program the Lambda
function to analyze the object by using Amazon Forecast to extract the ingredient names. Store the Forecast output in the
DynamoDB table.
C. Use S3 Event Notifications to invoke an AWS Lambda function when PutObject requests occur. Use Amazon Polly to create
audio recordings of the recipe records. Save the audio files in the S3 bucket. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon
SNS) to send a URL as a message to employees. Instruct the employees to listen to the audio files and calculate the nutrition
score. Store the ingredient names in the DynamoDB table.
D. Use an Amazon EventBridge rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function when a PutObject request occurs. Program the Lambda
function to analyze the object and extract the ingredient names by using Amazon SageMaker. Store the inference output from
the SageMaker endpoint in the DynamoDB table.
Comments
seetpt Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A correct
upvoted 5 times
Besisco Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
I’m fascinated by how self-descriptive the names of AWS ML tools are.
upvoted 1 times
Danilus 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Key: Most cost-effective solution
Key: Extract the names of ingredients from recipe records
Key: The company does not have any employees with machine learning knowledge
Not B because Forecast is used for making predictions in time series, not for extracting text or ingredients.
Not C because it would be too expensive and involve too much operational overhead.
Not D because SageMaker is designed for creating custom machine learning models, and the company lacks employees with machine learning
knowledge.
Conclusion: The answer is A because Comprehend is used for natural language processing (NLP), which in this case can extract ingredient names
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
from the recipes effectively.
so the answer is A because comprehend is used for nlp (natular languages processing) which is in this case use for to extract the names of the recipe
upvoted 3 times
Scheldon 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AnswerA
Amazon Comprehend uses natural language processing (NLP) to extract insights about the content of documents. It develops insights by recognizing
the entities, key phrases, language, sentiments, and other common elements in a document. Use Amazon Comprehend to create new products based
on understanding the structure of documents. For example, using Amazon Comprehend you can search social networking feeds for mentions of
products or scan an entire document repository for key phrases.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/comprehend/latest/dg/what-is.html
upvoted 3 times
fae3297 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
A seems right
B. Forecast is time-series
C. Using Polly to create audio recordings just to make your employees listen to them seems inefficient to say the least
D. Question asks for no ML. SageMaker = ML
upvoted 3 times
seetpt 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is correct
upvoted 3 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
shouldn't it be A?
upvoted 3 times