A media company stores movies in Amazon S3. Each movie is stored in a single video file that ranges from 1 GB to 10 GB in size.
The company must be able to provide the streaming content of a movie within 5 minutes of a user purchase. There is higher
demand for movies that are less than 20 years old than for movies that are more than 20 years old. The company wants to
minimize hosting service costs based on demand.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Store all media content in Amazon S3. Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move media data into the Infrequent Access tier when the
demand for a movie decreases.
B. Store newer movie video files in S3 Standard. Store older movie video files in S3 Standard-infrequent Access (S3 Standard-
IA). When a user orders an older movie, retrieve the video file by using standard retrieval. Most Voted
C. Store newer movie video files in S3 Intelligent-Tiering. Store older movie video files in S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. When a
user orders an older movie, retrieve the video file by using expedited retrieval.
D. Store newer movie video files in S3 Standard. Store older movie video files in S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. When a user
orders an older movie, retrieve the video file by using bulk retrieval.
Comments
Freddie26 Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Technically, expedited retrieval for files is not guaranteed within 1-5 minutes for files larger than 250 MB+. See
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/restoring-objects-retrieval-options.html.
upvoted 17 times
osmk Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3 Standard-IA is for data that is accessed less frequently, but requires rapid access when needed. S3 Standard-IA offers the high durability, high
throughput, and low latency of S3 Standard, with a low per GB storage price and per GB retrieval chargehttps://aws.amazon.com/s3/storage-classes/
upvoted 12 times
JustEugen Most Recent 8 months, 1 week ago
Selected Answer: B
It is B because:
- An AWS Glacier is used for archival purposes, which is not our case.
- We have a known pattern, so there are no reason to use inteligent tearing
upvoted 1 times
tch 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
S3 Standard-infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) do not come with retrieval options??
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/restoring-objects-retrieval-options.html
upvoted 1 times
zdi561 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Glacier flex expedited retrieval takes 1-5 min.
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (56%)
C (35%)
9%
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval cannot grant the retrieval within 5 minutes even with expedited retrieval. Intellgent-Tiering is for unknow pattern,
however, we already know higher demand for movies that are less than 20 years old than for movies that are more than 20 years old.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - Cost optimization for > 20-yr-old files is insufficient.
B - Good. Although, S3 Standard-IA is still relatively expensive compared to archival classes.
C - Glacier Flexible Retrieval may not consistently meet the 5-minute streaming requirement. Could be minutes, could be hours.
D - Bulk retrieval typically takes hours, let alone 5 minutes.
upvoted 3 times
tch 1 year, 2 months ago
this is the reason we choose C as answer! S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval has option with 5 minutes time called expedited retrieval.
S3 Standard-IA do not come with option to retrieve data.... please check .....
https://aws.amazon.com/s3/storage-classes/glacier/
upvoted 1 times
Arad 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is the correct answer.
upvoted 1 times
Abdullah2004 1 year, 9 months ago
A is most correct ✅
upvoted 2 times
EdricHoang 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
"Expedited Retrieval, you can retrieve small amounts of data (up to 250 MB per request) within 1-5 minutes."
Cannot C
upvoted 8 times
NSA_Poker 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: B
(A) is eliminated. Demand metric is popularly based & cannot be configured with Lifecycle policies. Ex: an old movie can have resurgent demand 20
years after it's sequel is released.
(C) is eliminated. Expedited retrieval is for all but the largest archived objects (250 MB+).
(D) is eliminated. Bulk retrieval takes hours.
(B) is more expensive than S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval but it's the only one that works.
upvoted 6 times
bujuman 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
AS the pattern is uncertain- Customer could not, in advance, segregate data, the pattern will be determined on the fly - and with regard of the
following S3 feature:
S3 Intelligent-Tiering is an additional storage class that provides flexibility for data with unknown or changing access patterns. It automates the
movement of your objects between storage classes to optimize cost.
C will be the most cost effective for this use case.
upvoted 1 times
bujuman 2 years, 1 month ago
More insight:
S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval for the most flexible retrieval options that balance cost with access times ranging from minutes to hours. Your retrieval
options permit you to access all the archives you need, when you need them, for one low storage price. This storage class comes with multiple
retrieval options:
- Expedited retrievals (restore in 1–5 minutes)
- Standard retrievals (restore in 3–5 hours)
- Bulk retrievals (restore in 5–12 hours). Bulk retrievals are available at no additional charge
upvoted 3 times
Sergiuss95 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
Expedited 1-5min and for new files intelligent tier is a good option
upvoted 2 times
mohammadthainat 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
All old files should be in--> Glacier Flexible Retrieval takes (1-5 minutes) to retrieve the file.
New files should not stay in Standard Storage class forever --> Intelligent-Tiering
upvoted 3 times
JackyCCK 2 years, 2 months ago
I don't think C is an option, S3 Glacier Flexible takes hour to retrieve the data.
Option A is actually valid, but the way the option A describe it does not consider "demand patterns based on time"
So it should be B
upvoted 2 times
JackyCCK 2 years, 2 months ago
expedited retrieval should not be used in that way as well
upvoted 1 times
Drew3000 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
There is something I like about option A. It's the only one that deals with what happens with a movie that goes from "new" to "old". With other
options, new movies will be new forever.
upvoted 2 times
dkw2342 2 years, 2 months ago
Option B makes the most sense.
Why not option C:
1. This is not an archival use case, the company runs a video streaming service, so objects are still accessed regularly. Accelerated Retrieval is
designed for "occasional urgent requests for a subset of archives".
2. The 5 minute timeframe does not apply to items of 250+ MB.
3. Even if the timeframe were valid, it's not guaranteed ("typically")
4. Expedited retrieval is expensive if used frequently ($10.00 per 1,000 requests) - depending on access patterns, this may more than offset the
savings in storage costs.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/restoring-objects-retrieval-options.html
upvoted 4 times