An ecommerce company wants to collect user clickstream data from the company's website for real-time analysis. The website
experiences fluctuating traffic patterns throughout the day. The company needs a scalable solution that can adapt to varying
levels of traffic.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use a data stream in Amazon Kinesis Data Streams in on-demand mode to capture the clickstream data. Use AWS Lambda
to process the data in real time. Most Voted
B. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to capture the clickstream data. Use AWS Glue to process the data in real time.
C. Use Amazon Kinesis Video Streams to capture the clickstream data. Use AWS Glue to process the data in real time.
D. Use Amazon Managed Service for Apache Flink (previously known as Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics) to capture the
clickstream data. Use AWS Lambda to process the data in real time.
Comments
bora4motion 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
realtime - data streams, near real time - firehose. a is the correct answer.
upvoted 2 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A - Kinesis Data Streams in on-demand mode automatically scales based on traffic, making it an ideal choice for fluctuating traffic patterns.
B - Kinesis Data Firehose is used for NEAR real-time data delivery. Also, AWS Glue is better suited for ETL and batch processing rather than real-time
analysis.
C - Kinesis Video Streams is designed for video or audio streaming data, not clickstream data.
D - You can process data, but can't capture raw data first.
Also, AWS Lambda provides real-time data processing without the need for managing infrastructure.
upvoted 1 times
mk168898 1 year, 7 months ago
click stream => kinesis data streams
upvoted 2 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
B - C are out = Glue doesn't support real-time data processing.
D - Why would you use Kinesis data ANALYTICS to ingest clickstream data instead of Amazon Kinesis DATA STREAM?
upvoted 2 times
Salilgen 1 year, 5 months ago
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/glue/latest/dg/streaming-chapter.html
upvoted 1 times
tch 1 year, 3 months ago
this is AWS Glue Streaming... not AWS Glue
upvoted 1 times
EdricHoang 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (93%)
7%
This one is very tricky, need to read the context carefully:
"The company needs a scalable solution that can adapt to varying levels of traffic" -> Both Firehouse and Stream are scalable. But, Firehose is
automatic where Stream is not. However, the question does NOT say it should be automatic and Glue is not support real-time analysis.
Thats why go for A.
B is very close to.
upvoted 3 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
AnswerA
Apache Flink (previously known as Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics) seems to not allowing sent data directly to Lambda...
Glue is allowing to integrate data from couple of sources in to one.
Hence I think A is correct answer
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/with-kinesis.html
https://aws.amazon.com/kinesis/data-streams/features/?nc=sn&loc=2
upvoted 2 times
f07ed8f 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
Seem AWS Glue does not support process data in real time. I vote for A
upvoted 2 times
f07ed8f 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
Both Kinesis Data Streams and Firehose are scalable but Firehose offers automated scaling. I vote fore B
upvoted 1 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
I think Apache Flink (previously known as Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics) would also be fine, but as here it wants to combine it with Lambda, I would
rather opt for Kinesis Data Streams + Lambda, so A, because of the figure on this page:
https://aws.amazon.com/kinesis/
upvoted 4 times