Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes.
A company has deployed an application in an AWS account. The application consists of microservices that run on AWS Lambda
and Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). A separate team supports each microservice. The company has multiple
AWS accounts and wants to give each team its own account for its microservices.
A solutions architect needs to design a solution that will provide service-to-service communication over HTTPS (port 443). The
solution also must provide a service registry for service discovery.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead?
A. Create an inspection VPC. Deploy an AWS Network Firewall firewall to the inspection VPC. Attach the inspection VPC to a
new transit gateway. Route VPC-to-VPC traffic to the inspection VPC. Apply firewall rules to allow only HTTPS communication.
B. Create a VPC Lattice service network. Associate the microservices with the service network. Define HTTPS listeners for each
service. Register microservice compute resources as targets. Identify VPCs that need to communicate with the services.
Associate those VPCs with the service network. Most Voted
C. Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) with an HTTPS listener and target groups for each microservice. Create an AWS
PrivateLink endpoint service for each microservice. Create an interface VPC endpoint in each VPC that needs to consume that
microservice.
D. Create peering connections between VPCs that contain microservices. Create a prefix list for each service that requires a
connection to a client. Create route tables to route traffic to the appropriate VPC. Create security groups to allow only HTTPS
communication.
Comments
1dd Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
VPC Lattice is a completely new way to simplify API communication between services or microservices in one or more AWS accounts.
upvoted 7 times
SnaxAttax Most Recent 6 months, 2 weeks ago
Selected Answer: B
VPC Lattice is a FMS, is good for service-to-service use cases, and supports HTTPS.
upvoted 1 times
zinabu 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Amazon VPC Lattice is a new capability of Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) designed to simplify networking for service-to-service
communication.
link: https://www.bing.com/search?
q=what+VPC+Lattice+service+used+for+microservices&cvid=d706d95737274f388660cbda9b7b2c4e&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIICAEQ6
QcY_FXSAQkyMTY1N2owajSoAgCwAgE&FORM=ANAB01&PC=U531
upvoted 4 times
aditianand 1 year, 6 months ago
Did you complete the exam recently? Was examtopics useful?
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
upvoted 2 times
phoenix2023 1 year, 6 months ago
Please keep in mind this is for helpful answers to THIS specific question. Please don't abuse it as a random info pitch for yourself. This is distracting
and wasting others' time. Please respect other people's time.
upvoted 7 times
stephensimudemy 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
IT's B. Google VPC Lattice service network
upvoted 3 times
Andy_09 1 year, 10 months ago
Option B
upvoted 4 times