A company has migrated a fleet of hundreds of on-premises virtual machines (VMs) to Amazon EC2 instances. The instances run a
diverse fleet of Windows Server versions along with several Linux distributions. The company wants a solution that will automate
inventory and updates of the operating systems. The company also needs a summary of common vulnerabilities of each instance
for regular monthly reviews.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
A. Set up AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to manage all the EC2 instances. Configure AWS Security Hub to produce
monthly reports.
B. Set up AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to manage all the EC2 instances. Deploy Amazon Inspector, and configure
monthly reports. Most Voted
C. Set up AWS Shield Advanced, and configure monthly reports. Deploy AWS Config to automate patch installations on the
EC2 instances.
D. Set up Amazon GuardDuty in the account to monitor all EC2 instances. Deploy AWS Config to automate patch installations
on the EC2 instances.
Comments
TwinSpark Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
AWS Security Hub performs security best practice checks, aggregates alerts, and enables automated remediation.
Amazon Inspector scan workload for vulnerabilities
Guardduty threat detection for malicious activity in all account
AWS Shield DDOS
Regarding security B and D can be right (maybe D a little too much). For patching B is the only valid option.
upvoted 6 times
mk168898 Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Inspector is for checking vulnerabilities, so B
upvoted 2 times
KennethNg923 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Inspector for Common vulnerabilities so it is B
upvoted 2 times
maxhg 2 years, 1 month ago
inspector for instances and software vulnerabilities
upvoted 4 times
Hkayne 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to automate the process of installing security-related updates for both the operating system and applications
Amazon Inspector for Automated and continual vulnerability management at scale
upvoted 2 times
Alagong 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (94%)
6%
Create an Auto Scaling group and an ELB in the DR Region, configuring the DynamoDB table as a global table, and setting up DNS failover to the
new ELB. This approach allows for quick failover since the infrastructure is already in place and only DNS needs to be updated to redirect traffic.
upvoted 1 times
Tanidanindo 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Inspector for vulnerability scanning
upvoted 3 times
Awsbeginner87 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option b
upvoted 3 times