A pharmaceutical company is developing a new drug. The volume of data that the company generates has grown exponentially
over the past few months. The company's researchers regularly require a subset of the entire dataset to be immediately available
with minimal lag. However, the entire dataset does not need to be accessed on a daily basis. All the data currently resides in on-
premises storage arrays, and the company wants to reduce ongoing capital expenses.
Which storage solution should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
A. Run AWS DataSync as a scheduled cron job to migrate the data to an Amazon S3 bucket on an ongoing basis.
B. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway with an Amazon S3 bucket as the target storage. Migrate the data to the
Storage Gateway appliance.
C. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway with cached volumes with an Amazon S3 bucket as the target storage.
Migrate the data to the Storage Gateway appliance. Most Voted
D. Configure an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection from the on-premises environment to AWS. Migrate data to an Amazon
Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system.
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option C
upvoted 11 times
hajra313 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
B. Deploying an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway with an Amazon S3 bucket as the target storage would require the entire dataset to be stored in
Amazon S3, which might not be cost-effective considering that only a subset of the data needs to be accessed regularly. Additionally, accessing data
directly from S3 might introduce latency. so correct option is C bcz AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway with cached volumes allows the company
to keep frequently accessed data locally on-premises while storing the entire dataset in Amazon S3. This solution provides immediate access to the
subset of data with minimal lag, as frequently accessed data is cached locally. It also reduces ongoing capital expenses as it leverages Amazon S3
storage, which is cost-effective.
upvoted 8 times
capepenguin 1 year, 11 months ago
Both B and C store the entire data set in Amazon S3 and the AWS Storage Gateway file gateway also supports local caching. I do not know if it is B
or C for me.
upvoted 2 times
e10c971 Most Recent 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Why B fits best
from ai
Immediate, low-latency access to a subset: File Gateway provides a local cache for recently accessed files, so researchers can work with hot data with
minimal lag via standard NFS/SMB file protocols.
Cost optimization: The entire dataset is stored durably and cost-effectively in Amazon S3, reducing on-premises storage CapEx. Only frequently
accessed data stays cached on-prem.
Operational simplicity: It integrates cleanly with existing file-based workflows and supports object-optimized storage in S3 with lifecycle policies (e.g.
transitioning cold data to S3 Glacier).
upvoted 1 times
nadeerm 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (83%)
B (17%)
Volume Gateway is designed for block storage (EBS volumes), not file storage. It is not the best fit for this use case, which involves file-based data
access.
upvoted 3 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC
Deploying an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway with cached volumes will allow to store all data in AWS but the most frequently accessed data
will be stored/cached localy (on-premises) = low latency for most used data while all data will be stored in the cloud.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/latest/vgw/StorageGatewayConcepts.html#storage-gateway-cached-concepts
upvoted 3 times
BatVanyo 2 years, 1 month ago
A storage guy here.. the question is not clear enough to give a definitive answer between B and C, as both can do the job.
An "on-prem storage array" can be any of the three:
- File array (serving any file protocol, e.g. NFS/SMB) -> requiring a file gateway (supports caching of the most recently used data)
- Block array (iSCSI/Fibre Channel) -> requiring a volume gateway (supports cached volumes most recently used data)
- Combo (providing both File and Block protocols)
Something is clearly missing in the question in order to give a definitive answer between B and C.
upvoted 5 times
mohammadthainat 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
storage arrays = Volume Gateway
upvoted 3 times
lenotc 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
storage array, also known as a disk array so AWS Storage Gateway volume.
its a trap
upvoted 5 times
MattBJ 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is correct. Using AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway with cached volumes provide local access to the file.
upvoted 3 times
ninasgx 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
require a subset of the entire dataset => cached volumes
upvoted 4 times
osmk 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The company's researchers regularly require a subset of the entire dataset to be immediately available with minimal
laghttps://docs.aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/latest/vgw/WhatIsStorageGateway.html
upvoted 2 times