A company hosts its application in the AWS Cloud. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group
behind an Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) load balancer. The application connects to an Amazon DynamoDB table.
For disaster recovery (DR) purposes, the company wants to ensure that the application is available from another AWS Region with
minimal downtime.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST downtime?
A. Create an Auto Scaling group and an ELB in the DR Region. Configure the DynamoDB table as a global table. Configure DNS
failover to point to the new DR Region's ELB. Most Voted
B. Create an AWS CloudFormation template to create EC2 instances, ELBs, and DynamoDB tables to be launched when
necessary. Configure DNS failover to point to the new DR Region's ELB.
C. Create an AWS CloudFormation template to create EC2 instances and an ELB to be launched when necessary. Configure the
DynamoDB table as a global table. Configure DNS failover to point to the new DR Region's ELB.
D. Create an Auto Scaling group and an ELB in the DR Region. Configure the DynamoDB table as a global table. Create an
Amazon CloudWatch alarm with an evaluation period of 10 minutes to invoke an AWS Lambda function that updates Amazon
Route 53 to point to the DR Region's ELB.
Comments
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A - By creating an Auto Scaling group and ELB in the DR Region upfront, you ensure that the infrastructure is ready to handle traffic immediately in
case of a failure in the primary Region. This minimizes downtime during a disaster.
B & C - Waiting for the CloudFormation stack to create instances, ELBs, and DynamoDB tables delays recovery.
D - CloudWatch alarms and Lambda functions will introduce additional complexity and potential delays due to the evaluation period (>= 10
minutes).
For A, simply create an Auto Scaling group and ELB in the DR Region. Use the same configurations as the primary Region. Just make sure that the
AMI used for EC2 instances includes all necessary application code and dependencies.
upvoted 2 times
mk168898 1 year, 7 months ago
B and C seems to take a while to launch, so it is not minimal down time
upvoted 2 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Downtime I would choose Auto scaling + DNS failover rather than use cloud formation create infrastructure in DR region or Auto scaling + Lambda
upvoted 4 times
KennethNg923 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Downtime I would choose Auto scaling + DNS failover rather than use cloud formation create infrastructure in DR region or Auto scaling + Lambda
upvoted 3 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (92%)
8%
AnswerA
Hence there is no information that solution need to be cost effective and the main requirement is minimal downtime i would go with AUTOSCALING
in DR region with 1 ELB and 1 server there but in case of need amount of servers can be increased automatically. Hence at least 1 server and ELB will
be waiting and DynamoDB thanks to global table will be active in the same DR region as well, hence we need to inform users, using DNS about new
destination, hence DNS failover to the ELB in DR region is the best solution here.
upvoted 4 times
Hkayne 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
With dynamo global tables, we just need to create an ELB and a ASG in the DR region resources. This resources will be used only if the main region
fail over.
upvoted 2 times
Alagong 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Create an Auto Scaling group and an ELB in the DR Region, configuring the DynamoDB table as a global table, and setting up DNS failover to the
new ELB. This approach allows for quick failover since the infrastructure is already in place and only DNS needs to be updated to redirect traffic.
upvoted 4 times
Tanidanindo 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Least downtime. C does not offer minimal downtime
upvoted 3 times
Awsbeginner87 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Option C
upvoted 2 times