A company creates dedicated AWS accounts in AWS Organizations for its business units. Recently, an important notification was
sent to the root user email address of a business unit account instead of the assigned account owner. The company wants to
ensure that all future notifications can be sent to different employees based on the notification categories of billing, operations, or
security.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST securely?
A. Configure each AWS account to use a single email address that the company manages. Ensure that all account owners can
access the email account to receive notifications. Configure alternate contacts for each AWS account with corresponding
distribution lists for the billing team, the security team, and the operations team for each business unit.
B. Configure each AWS account to use a different email distribution list for each business unit that the company manages.
Configure each distribution list with administrator email addresses that can respond to alerts. Configure alternate contacts for
each AWS account with corresponding distribution lists for the billing team, the security team, and the operations team for
each business unit.
C. Configure each AWS account root user email address to be the individual company managed email address of one person
from each business unit. Configure alternate contacts for each AWS account with corresponding distribution lists for the billing
team, the security team, and the operations team for each business unit.
D. Configure each AWS account root user to use email aliases that go to a centralized mailbox. Configure alternate contacts for
each account by using a single business managed email distribution list each for the billing team, the security team, and the
operations team. Most Voted
Comments
Linuslin Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
D is correct answer.
Configuring each AWS account's root user to use email aliases that go to a centralized mailbox ensures that sensitive notifications are not directly
sent to individual email addresses. Instead, they are directed to a centralized mailbox, reducing the risk of unauthorized access to sensitive
information. Additionally, configuring alternate contacts for each account using a single business-managed email distribution list for the billing team
the security team, and the operations team ensures that notifications are appropriately routed to the respective teams based on the categories of
billing, operations, or security. This approach centralizes control and reduces the likelihood of misconfiguration or unauthorized access to sensitive
notifications.
upvoted 13 times
Linuslin 2 years ago
Option A doesn't provide the same level of security because it relies on a single email address managed by the company, which could be
compromised, and it requires all account owners to access this email account, potentially leading to access control issues.
Option B presents a similar issue as Option A, as it relies on different email distribution lists but still requires administrator email addresses that may
be vulnerable to compromise.
Option C also has security concerns because it associates the root user email address with individual employees, which may not be ideal for security
and access control purposes.
So, Option D is the most secure solution for ensuring that future notifications can be sent to different employees based on the notification
categories of billing, operations, or security.
upvoted 10 times
d401c0d Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (59%)
A (28%)
10%
Selected Answer: A
Question mentions the email was sent to a business unit account instead of an account owner. Thus, A mentions all account owners to have access to
email account.
upvoted 6 times
46a8566 Most Recent 4 months, 3 weeks ago
Selected Answer: C
"Single business managed email distribution list each" = same team list for ALL accounts. Not business-unit specific. Less granular control.
upvoted 1 times
ln2718 9 months, 2 weeks ago
Selected Answer: A
Chat AI -
A. Single managed email for root + alternate contacts per team (distribution lists).
✔ Root is controlled centrally (secure).
✔ Alternate contacts ensure correct routing.
✔ Scales across business units.
→ This is AWS best practice.
upvoted 1 times
GOTJ 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B is correct, according to AWS Prescriptive Guidance (see link below):
When setting up primary and alternate contacts for your AWS account, use an email distribution list instead of an individual’s email address. Using an
email distribution list makes sure that ownership and reachability are preserved as individuals in your organization come and go. Set alternate
contacts for billing, operations, and security notifications, and use appropriate email distribution lists accordingly. AWS uses these email addresses to
contact you, so it is important you retain access to them.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/aws-startup-security-baseline/acct-01.html
upvoted 4 times
bujuman 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
The most secure way should use "Update the alternate contacts for any AWS account in your organization"
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/accounts/latest/reference/manage-acct-update-contact-alternate.html
upvoted 3 times
MrIndia2022 1 year, 7 months ago
question- option D uses a single distribution list for all business units vs Option B which uses separate, independent distribution lists for each
business unit. This involves more segregation of emails and hence is more secure. I am confused between option B and d. Pl help
upvoted 1 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Both B and D use Distribution Lists as part of the of the solution:
B - "configure each DL with administrator email addresses that can respond to alerts"
D - "configure alternate contacts for each account by using single business managed DL each" per team.
I confess the wording isn't amazing, but between B and D, the latter is the one that properly addresses the issue involving root user email address.
upvoted 3 times
jadeconstancy 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
correct answer is D
upvoted 4 times
sheilawu 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_accounts_update_primary_email.html
upvoted 4 times