A news company that has reporters all over the world is hosting its broadcast system on AWS. The reporters send live broadcasts
to the broadcast system. The reporters use software on their phones to send live streams through the Real Time Messaging
Protocol (RTMP).
A solutions architect must design a solution that gives the reporters the ability to send the highest quality streams. The solution
must provide accelerated TCP connections back to the broadcast system.
What should the solutions architect use to meet these requirements?
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. AWS Global Accelerator Most Voted
C. AWS Client VPN
D. Amazon EC2 instances and AWS Elastic IP addresses
Comments
Mikado211 Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
HTTP(S) -> Cloudfront
Other TCP -> AWS Global Accelerator
upvoted 5 times
Mikado211 2 years, 2 months ago
So the answer is B :)
upvoted 3 times
mk168898 Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
I see TCP/UDP related connection => AWS Global accelerator
upvoted 2 times
elmyth 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Looks like the question is very old, but before the right answer was Cloudfront. Now AWS says that "All RTMP workloads should begin migrating to a
standard CloudFront Web distribution and use one of several HTTP streaming protocols such as HTTP Live Streaming (HLS), Dynamic Adaptive
Streaming over HTTP (DASH), Microsoft Smooth Streaming (MSS), or HTTP Dynamic Streaming (HDS)."
https://repost.aws/questions/QUoUZgHZh7SEWlnQUPlBmVNQ/announcement-rtmp-support-discontinuing-on-december-31-2020
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
AnswerB
We can eliminate C and D, A is for Web apps hence B should be ok
additionally https://docs.aws.amazon.com/global-accelerator/latest/dg/introduction-how-it-works.html
upvoted 2 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
Upload, TCP > AWS Global Accelerator
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (94%)
6%
upvoted 4 times
Drew3000 2 years, 2 months ago
Last time I made it to the last question, they added more questions 2 mins later.
upvoted 2 times
Awsbeginner87 2 years, 2 months ago
They added 40 more questions todayö
upvoted 4 times
chasingsummer 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Can't believe I finally made it to the last question. Good luck to everyone!
upvoted 4 times
TruthWS 2 years, 2 months ago
OptionB
upvoted 2 times
Kaula 2 years, 2 months ago
Where are questions 841-848?
I am I missing something?
upvoted 2 times
Kaula 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B makes sense not A since CloudFront is CDN
upvoted 2 times
dds69 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Global accelerator provides the acceleration for TCP
upvoted 4 times