A company wants to deploy an internal web application on AWS. The web application must be accessible only from the company's
office. The company needs to download security patches for the web application from the internet.
The company has created a VPC and has configured an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection to the company's office. A solutions
architect must design a secure architecture for the web application.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Deploy the web application on Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets behind a public Application Load Balancer (ALB).
Attach an internet gateway to the VPC. Set the inbound source of the ALB's security group to 0.0.0.0/0.
B. Deploy the web application on Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets behind an internal Application Load Balancer (ALB).
Deploy NAT gateways in public subnets. Attach an internet gateway to the VPC. Set the inbound source of the ALB's security
group to the company's office network CIDR block. Most Voted
C. Deploy the web application on Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets behind an internal Application Load Balancer (ALB).
Deploy NAT gateways in private subnets. Attach an internet gateway to the VPSet the outbound destination of the ALB’s
security group to the company's office network CIDR block.
D. Deploy the web application on Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets behind a public Application Load Balancer (ALB).
Attach an internet gateway to the VPC. Set the outbound destination of the ALB’s security group to 0.0.0.0/0.
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option B
upvoted 7 times
osmk Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
none sense why IGW on top of NATGW.
upvoted 6 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/network-firewall/latest/developerguide/arch-igw-ngw.html
Confusing, I agree. But it seems to be recommended in some cases.
upvoted 1 times
striker89 Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I Would go for B even if NAT GW allow outbound traffic ONLY. Still wondering how the Company newtwork will access Private Subnet in the VPC.
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
AnswerB
Server and LB in Private will hide WEB application from the word. NAT will allow for server's access to the internet in case of need
upvoted 1 times
NayeraB 2 years, 3 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
Selected Answer: B
B is well structured
upvoted 3 times
ogerber 2 years, 3 months ago
To my opinion, with only having inbound of the companys CIDR block, it will not include access for the patches available online.
i would go for D
upvoted 4 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Incorrect: B says inbound, D says outbound. Outbound for ALB are the EC2 Instances.
upvoted 1 times
kempes 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B
upvoted 4 times