A company hosts an application used to upload files to an Amazon S3 bucket. Once uploaded, the files are processed to extract
metadata, which takes less than 5 seconds. The volume and frequency of the uploads varies from a few files each hour to
hundreds of concurrent uploads. The company has asked a solutions architect to design a cost-effective architecture that will meet
these requirements.
What should the solutions architect recommend?
A. Configure AWS CloudTrail trails to log S3 API calls. Use AWS AppSync to process the files.
B. Configure an object-created event notification within the S3 bucket to invoke an AWS Lambda function to process the files.
Most Voted
C. Configure Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to process and send data to Amazon S3. Invoke an AWS Lambda function to
process the files.
D. Configure an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to process the files uploaded to Amazon S3. Invoke
an AWS Lambda function to process the files.
Comments
mestule Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B seems to be make most sense to me.
upvoted 5 times
hajra313 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
option b bcz option c is WS AppSync is not the most appropriate solution for file processing.
option d While Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) can be used to trigger actions based on S3 events, it's not directly involved in processing
files .option c :Kinesis is typically used for real-time data streaming and analytics, which may not be needed for simple file processing tasks such as
extracting metadata.
upvoted 5 times
Lin878 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/EventNotifications.html
upvoted 3 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AnswerB
upvoted 2 times
alawada 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The problem with C is how it sends the data to S3, if it was Firehose it would make sense. I waka for B.
upvoted 3 times
MattBJ 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is correct. The most cost effective option.
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
jaswantn 2 years, 3 months ago
option B
upvoted 2 times
kempes 2 years, 4 months ago
Option D
upvoted 2 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option D
upvoted 1 times