A social media company has workloads that collect and process data. The workloads store the data in on-premises NFS storage.
The data store cannot scale fast enough to meet the company’s expanding business needs. The company wants to migrate the
current data store to AWS.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Set up an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway. Use an Amazon S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the data to the
appropriate storage class.
B. Set up an AWS Storage Gateway Amazon S3 File Gateway. Use an Amazon S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the data to the
appropriate storage class. Most Voted
C. Use the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) Standard-Infrequent Access (Standard-IA) storage class. Activate the
infrequent access lifecycle policy.
D. Use the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) One Zone-Infrequent Access (One Zone-IA) storage class. Activate the
infrequent access lifecycle policy.
Comments
alawada Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
This solution meets the requirements most cost-effectively because it enables the company to migrate its on-premises NFS data store to AWS
without changing the existing applications or workflows. AWS Storage Gateway is a hybrid cloud storage service that provides seamless and secure
integration between on-premises and AWS storage. Amazon S3 File Gateway is a type of AWS Storage Gateway that provides a file interface to
Amazon S3, with local caching for low-latency access. By setting up an Amazon S3 File Gateway, the company can store and retrieve files as objects
in Amazon S3 using standard file protocols such as NFS.
upvoted 10 times
allanm Most Recent 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Anyone else think this question is weird? It asks for Migration of data but Answers are all about lifecycle policies?
upvoted 1 times
0c21057 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
Why other options are incorrect:
A. Volume Gateway is designed for block storage and backup use cases, not for NFS file storage migration. It would be less cost-effective and more
complex to implement.
C. Amazon EFS Standard-IA would be more expensive than S3 for this use case, as it's designed for file systems that need high availability across
multiple AZs.
D. Amazon EFS One Zone-IA, while cheaper than Standard-IA, is still more expensive than S3 for this type of data storage requirement. It's also
designed for file systems rather than object storage.
The S3 File Gateway solution is most cost-effective because:
S3 storage is generally cheaper than EFS
Lifecycle policies can automatically move data to cheaper storage tiers
It maintains NFS compatibility while providing scalability
It minimizes the need for application changes during migration
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (96%)
4%
upvoted 3 times
Gorkha 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
as their is nfs = file gateway
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I'm a little confused by option C & D. How does infrequent access have anything to do with this?
upvoted 1 times
mk168898 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3 File Gateway => Best for NFS-like file storage workloads
upvoted 2 times
hharbiordun85 1 year, 8 months ago
Answer: C
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: D
AnswerD
Taking into consideration that we are talking about social media company probably storing a lot of quite small files i would say it cannot be Option A
or B.
For example
Amazon S3 File Gateway pricing
Storage Pricing
Storage Pricing Stored and billed as Amazon S3 objects.
Request Pricing
Data written to AWS storage by your gateway $0.01 per GB†
File storage in S3 Billed as Amazon S3 requests.
It can be quite expensive, especially when we will be working on small files.
I would go with EFS with OneZone-IA (option D) which should be less expensive taking into consideration that we are paying only for Storage and
Data Transfer (per GB).
But to be honest we need more information to device which solution will be better.
upvoted 1 times
EdricHoang 1 year, 11 months ago
It say migrating data into cloud, EFS does not satisfy that. You're right, It needs more information to make your choice to be a better answer.
upvoted 2 times
alawada 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
yeah B
upvoted 2 times
seetpt 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I think B too
upvoted 3 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B looks correct
upvoted 2 times