A company has hired an external vendor to perform work in the company’s AWS account. The vendor uses an automated tool that
is hosted in an AWS account that the vendor owns. The vendor does not have IAM access to the company’s AWS account. The
company needs to grant the vendor access to the company’s AWS account.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST securely?
A. Create an IAM role in the company’s account to delegate access to the vendor’s IAM role. Attach the appropriate IAM
policies to the role for the permissions that the vendor requires. Most Voted
B. Create an IAM user in the company’s account with a password that meets the password complexity requirements. Attach the
appropriate IAM policies to the user for the permissions that the vendor requires.
C. Create an IAM group in the company’s account. Add the automated tool’s IAM user from the vendor account to the group.
Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the group for the permissions that the vendor requires.
D. Create an IAM user in the company’s account that has a permission boundary that allows the vendor’s account. Attach the
appropriate IAM policies to the user for the permissions that the vendor requires.
Comments
Mikado211 Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
When you have somebody from another account who needs a resource in your account
- create a role to access to this account
- allow the remote account to asume the role.
upvoted 8 times
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option A looks ok
upvoted 7 times
Salilgen Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_common-scenarios_third-party.html
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Least privilege principle: Using an IAM role instead of a user adheres to the least privilege principle as it only grants the vendor access to specific
actions needed for their task, not full account access like a user would have.
No direct access to the company account: By delegating access through a role, the vendor's IAM user in their own account does not need to have
direct login credentials to the company's AWS account, enhancing security.
Granular control: IAM policies attached to the role can be carefully crafted to provide only the necessary permissions for the vendor's automated
tool, limiting potential damage in case of unauthorized access
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AnswerA
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
I would go with option A
upvoted 2 times
osmk 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A