A development team is collaborating with another company to create an integrated product. The other company needs to access
an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue that is contained in the development team's account. The other company
wants to poll the queue without giving up its own account permissions to do so.
How should a solutions architect provide access to the SQS queue?
A. Create an instance profile that provides the other company access to the SQS queue.
B. Create an IAM policy that provides the other company access to the SQS queue.
C. Create an SQS access policy that provides the other company access to the SQS queue. Most Voted
D. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) access policy that provides the other company access to the
SQS queue.
Comments
iczcezar Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
The correct option to provide access to the SQS queue without giving up the other company's account permissions is:
C. Create an SQS access policy that provides the other company access to the SQS queue.
By creating an SQS access policy, you can define specific permissions for the other company to access the SQS queue without requiring them to
modify their own account permissions. This allows for fine-grained control over access to the queue while maintaining security and isolation between
accounts. Options A, B, and D are not appropriate for granting access to the SQS queue in this scenario.
upvoted 8 times
7fb06b3 Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon SQS policy system lets you grant permission to other Amazon Accounts.
https://docs.amazonaws.cn/en_us/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-using-identity-based-policies.html
upvoted 5 times
FlyingHawk Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://repost.aws/knowledge-center/sqs-queue-access-permissions
Here is the example:
{
"Version": "2012-10-17",
"Statement": [
{
"Effect": "Allow",
"Principal": {
"AWS": "arn:aws:iam::OtherCompanyAccountID:root"
},
"Action": [
"sqs:ReceiveMessage",
"sqs:DeleteMessage"
],
"Resource": "arn:aws:sqs:region:YourAccountID:YourQueueName"
}
]
}
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A - Instance profiles are attached to Amazon EC2 instances. This is irrelevant.
B - While you could create an IAM role in your account for the other company to assume, it is explicitly stated that the other company does not want
to give up its own permissions, meaning cross-account access must be configured, but IAM policies alone do not provide cross-account access.
C - SQS supports resource-based policies, which allow you to grant access to specific AWS principals (users, roles, or accounts) across accounts.
D - No idea what it would achieve. SNS policies don't even apply to SQS queues.
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC
Creating Access policy in SQS which will allow other company to acess SQS queue seems to be the only solution which is RIGHT here
upvoted 2 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
SQS Access Policy for secure, fine-grained Cross-account access
upvoted 3 times
NayeraB 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-overview-of-managing-access.html
upvoted 2 times
hajra313 2 years, 4 months ago
option A: Instance profiles are used to grant permissions to EC2 instances, not for granting access to other AWS services like SQS queues. Option
B.:AM policies are applied to IAM users, groups, or roles within the same AWS account. They are not directly applicable to granting access to
resources in other AWS accounts. option C:SQS access policies allow you to grant cross-account access to SQS resources. You can specify the
necessary permissions in the policy and attach it directly to the SQS queue. This way, you can give the other company's AWS account the necessary
permissions to poll the queue without compromising their account permissions. option D. Amazon SNS access policies are used to manage access to
SNS topics, not SQS queues
upvoted 4 times
kempes 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Option C
upvoted 4 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option B
upvoted 1 times