A company runs its ecommerce application on AWS. Every new order is published as a massage in a RabbitMQ queue that runs on
an Amazon EC2 instance in a single Availability Zone. These messages are processed by a different application that runs on a
separate EC2 instance. This application stores the details in a PostgreSQL database on another EC2 instance. All the EC2 instances
are in the same Availability Zone.
The company needs to redesign its architecture to provide the highest availability with the least operational overhead.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Migrate the queue to a redundant pair (active/standby) of RabbitMQ instances on Amazon MQ. Create a Multi-AZ Auto
Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the application. Create another Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that
host the PostgreSQL database.
B. Migrate the queue to a redundant pair (active/standby) of RabbitMQ instances on Amazon MQ. Create a Multi-AZ Auto
Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the application. Migrate the database to run on a Multi-AZ deployment of Amazon
RDS for PostgreSQL. Most Voted
C. Create a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the RabbitMQ queue. Create another Multi-AZ Auto
Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the application. Migrate the database to run on a Multi-AZ deployment of Amazon
RDS for PostgreSQL.
D. Create a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the RabbitMQ queue. Create another Multi-AZ Auto
Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the application. Create a third Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that
host the PostgreSQL database
Comments
123jhl0 Highly Voted 3 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Migrating to Amazon MQ reduces the overhead on the queue management. C and D are dismissed.
Deciding between A and B means deciding to go for an AutoScaling group for EC2 or an RDS for Postgress (both multi- AZ). The RDS option has less
operational impact, as provide as a service the tools and software required. Consider for instance, the effort to add an additional node like a read
replica, to the DB.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazon-mq/latest/developer-guide/active-standby-broker-deployment.html
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/postgresql/
upvoted 29 times
UWSFish 3 years, 7 months ago
Yes but active/standby is fault tolerance, not HA. I would concede after thinking about it that B is probably the answer that will be marked correct
but its not a great question.
upvoted 4 times
EKA_CloudGod 3 years, 6 months ago
This also helps anyone in doubt; https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazon-mq/latest/developer-guide/active-standby-broker-deployment.html
upvoted 2 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy Highly Voted 3 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
To meet the requirements of providing the highest availability with the least operational overhead, the solutions architect should take the following
actions:
* By migrating the queue to Amazon MQ, the architect can take advantage of the built-in high availability and failover capabilities of the service,
which will help ensure that messages are delivered reliably and without interruption.
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
* By creating a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for the EC2 instances that host the application, the architect can ensure that the application is highly
available and able to handle increased traffic without the need for manual intervention.
* By migrating the database to a Multi-AZ deployment of Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL, the architect can take advantage of the built-in high
availability and failover capabilities of the service, which will help ensure that the database is always available and able to handle increased traffic.
Therefore, the correct answer is Option B.
upvoted 8 times
zx9r Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B makes the most sense
upvoted 1 times
jaradat02 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is the correct answer
upvoted 1 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
CD, you cannot have EC2 scaling work with RabbitMQ as only once instance can be active
A: Is good but B is better
B: Correct due to usage of RDS for PG so less overhead
upvoted 3 times
Gizmo2022 1 year, 6 months ago
Thank you for explaining the answer
upvoted 1 times
chandu7024 2 years, 8 months ago
Agree with B
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B offers high availability and low operational overheads.
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B is the best solution to meet the high availability and low overhead requirements:
Migrate the queue to redundant Amazon MQ
Use Auto Scaling groups across AZs for the application
Migrate the database to Multi-AZ RDS PostgreSQL
The reasons are:
Amazon MQ provides a managed, highly available RabbitMQ cluster
Multi-AZ Auto Scaling distributes the application across AZs
RDS PostgreSQL is managed, multi-AZ capable database
Together this architecture removes single points of failure
RDS and MQ reduce operational overhead over self-managed
upvoted 6 times
MNotABot 2 years, 11 months ago
B
least operational overhead (Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL --> hence AD out / C says EC2 so out --> Hence B)
upvoted 2 times
cookieMr 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B provides the highest availability with the least operational overhead. By migrating the queue to a redundant pair of RabbitMQ instances on
Amazon MQ, the messaging system becomes highly available. Creating a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances hosting the application
ensures that it can automatically scale and maintain availability across multiple Availability Zones. Migrating the database to a Multi-AZ deployment
of Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL provides automatic failover and data replication across multiple Availability Zones, enhancing availability and
reducing operational overhead.
A. Incorrect because it does not address the high availability requirement for the RabbitMQ queue and the PostgreSQL database.
C. Incorrect because it does not provide redundancy for the RabbitMQ queue and does not address the high availability requirement for the
PostgreSQL database.
D. Incorrect because it does not address the high availability requirement for the RabbitMQ queue and does not provide redundancy for the
application instances.
upvoted 4 times
Gary_Phillips_2007 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B for me.
upvoted 1 times
techhb 3 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is right all explanations below are correct
upvoted 1 times
career360guru 3 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B is right answer
upvoted 1 times
Wpcorgan 3 years, 6 months ago
B for me
upvoted 1 times
