A company is designing a cloud communications platform that is driven by APIs. The application is hosted on Amazon EC2
instances behind a Network Load Balancer (NLB). The company uses Amazon API Gateway to provide external users with access to
the application through APIs. The company wants to protect the platform against web exploits like SQL injection and also wants to
detect and mitigate large, sophisticated DDoS attacks.
Which combination of solutions provides the MOST protection? (Choose two.)
A. Use AWS WAF to protect the NLB.
B. Use AWS Shield Advanced with the NLB. Most Voted
C. Use AWS WAF to protect Amazon API Gateway. Most Voted
D. Use Amazon GuardDuty with AWS Shield Standard
E. Use AWS Shield Standard with Amazon API Gateway.
Comments
babaxoxo Highly Voted 3 years ago
Selected Answer: BC
Shield - Load Balancer, CF, Route53
AWF - CF, ALB, API Gateway
upvoted 50 times
Ouk 2 years, 11 months ago
Thank u U meant WAF* - CloudFormation, right? haha
upvoted 5 times
YogK 2 years, 6 months ago
Shield - Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), Elastic Load Balancing (ELB), Amazon CloudFront, AWS Global Accelerator, and Route 53.
WAF - Amazon CloudFront, the Application Load Balancer (ALB), Amazon API Gateway, and AWS AppSync
upvoted 14 times
rjam Highly Voted 3 years ago
Selected Answer: BC
AWS Shield Advanced - DDos attacks
AWS WAF to protect Amazon API Gateway, because WAF sits before the API Gateway and then comes NLB.
upvoted 8 times
studynoplay 2 years, 7 months ago
don't agree that NLB sits before API gateway. it should be other way around
upvoted 3 times
aadityaravi8 2 years, 5 months ago
yes.. coming from outside to inside... first of all DDos protection is required so the outer most NLB with Shield Advanced and then filter particular
request doing SQL injection and all i.e API Gateway with WAF
upvoted 3 times
satyaammm Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
AWS Shield protects against Layer 3 and 4 attacks through NLB and AWS WAF protects against Layer 7 attacks through API Gateway.
Correct Answer: BC
Community vote distribution
BC (93%)
2%
upvoted 1 times
Dharmarajan 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
I did not get this right initially, but when I looked it up, it became clear.
Basically any device that acts at network level - Shield (Layer 4 devices, maybe capable of layer 7 as well). For example, NLB, ELB, CF, Route 53.
Any device that works on HTTP/HTTPS/SFTP level(Layer 7 services) ==> WAF , which is ALB, API Gateway.
a Layer 7 device are not capable of layer 4 sevices, and they rely on underlying hardware/firmware(OR in this case of Software defined networking,
Software) to do that.
upvoted 2 times
Dharmarajan 1 year, 4 months ago
Definitely a very good question, to be noted for the exam.
upvoted 2 times
EMPERBACH 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
B- (Shield Advance) PROTECT the platform against web exploits like SQL injection
D- (GuardDuty) also wants to DETECT mitigate large, sophisticated DDoS attacks
WAF use for filter traffic, not make sense here.
upvoted 1 times
lofzee 1 year, 6 months ago
Shield advanced does not protect against SQL injection. That is what WAF is for.
GuardDuty is not the right tool here.
Answers are B and C bro.
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
B) Use AWS Shield Advanced with the NLB
C) Use AWS WAF to protect Amazon API Gateway
The key reasons are:
AWS Shield Advanced provides expanded DDoS protection against larger and more sophisticated attacks
Using it with the NLB helps protect against network floods
WAF still provides critical protection against exploits at the API lay
upvoted 7 times
Sat897 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
WAF - can't support NLB and its supports API Gateway
AWS Shield Advanced - NLB - DDOS
upvoted 2 times
cookieMr 2 years, 5 months ago
B. AWS Shield Advanced provides advanced DDoS protection for the NLB, making it the appropriate choice for protecting against large and
sophisticated DDoS attacks at the network layer.
C. AWS WAF is designed to provide protection at the application layer, making it suitable for securing the API Gateway against web exploits like SQL
injection.
A. AWS WAF is not compatible with NLB as it operates at the application layer, whereas NLB operates at the transport layer.
D. While GuardDuty helps detect threats, it does not directly protect against web exploits or DDoS attacks. Shield Standard focuses on edge
resources, not specifically NLBs.
E. Shield Standard provides basic DDoS protection for edge resources, but it does not directly protect the NLB or address web exploits at the
application layer.
upvoted 8 times
cheese929 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
B and C is correct
upvoted 2 times
kruasan 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
NLB is a Lyer 3/4 component while WAF is a Layer 7 protection component.
That is why WAF is only available for Application Load Balancer in the ELB portfolio. NLB does not terminate the TLS session therefore WAF is not
capable of acting on the content. I would consider using AWS Shield at Layer 3/4.
https://repost.aws/questions/QU2fYXwSWUS0q9vZiWDoaEzA/nlb-need-to-attach-aws-waf
upvoted 5 times
jdr75 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
• A. Use AWS WAF to protect the NLB.
INCORRECT, cos' WAF not integrate with network LB
• B. Use AWS Shield Advanced with the NLB.
YES. AWS Shield Advanced provides additional protections against more sophisticated and larger attacks for your applications running in AWS.
The doubt is : why apply the protection in the NLB when the facing of the app. is the API Gateway?, because Shield shoud be in front of the
communications, not behind.
Nevertheless, this is the best option.
• C. Use AWS WAF to protect Amazon API Gateway.
YES, https://aws.amazon.com/es/waf/faqs/
• D. Use Amazon GuardDuty with AWS Shield Standard
INCORRECT, GuardDuty not prevent attacks.
•E. Use AWS Shield Standard with Amazon API Gateway.
INCORRECT. It could be, in principle, a good option, cos' it's in front of the gateway, but the questions said explicity:
"wants to detect and mitigate large, sophisticated DDoS attacks",
and Standard not provide this feature.
upvoted 2 times
kerl 2 years, 10 months ago
for those who select A, it is wrong, WAF is Layer 7, it only support ABL, APIGateway, CloudFront,COgnito User Pool and AppSync graphQL API
(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/waf-chapter.html). NLB is NOT supported. Answer is BC
upvoted 4 times
bullrem 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
A and B are the best options to provide the greatest protection for the platform against web vulnerabilities and large, sophisticated DDoS attacks.
Option A: Use AWS WAF to protect the NLB. This will provide protection against common web vulnerabilities such as SQL injection.
Option B: Use AWS Shield Advanced with the NLB. This will provide additional protection against large and sophisticated DDoS attacks.
upvoted 2 times
bullrem 2 years, 10 months ago
The best protection for the platform would be to use A and C together because it will protect both the NLB and the API Gateway from web
vulnerabilities and DDoS attacks.
upvoted 1 times
omoakin 2 years, 6 months ago
correct
upvoted 1 times
bullrem 2 years, 10 months ago
A and C are the best options for protecting the platform against web vulnerabilities and detecting and mitigating large and sophisticated DDoS
attacks.
A: AWS WAF can be used to protect the NLB from web vulnerabilities such as SQL injection.
C: AWS WAF can be used to protect Amazon API Gateway and also provide protection against DDoS attacks.
B: AWS Shield Advanced is used to protect resources from DDoS attacks, but it is not specific to the NLB and may not provide the same level of
protection as using WAF specifically on the NLB.
D and E: Amazon GuardDuty and AWS Shield Standard are primarily used for threat detection and may not provide the same level of protection as
using WAF and Shield Advanced.
upvoted 1 times
Arifzefen 2 years, 5 months ago
A is not correct as WAF doesn't support Network Load Balancer
upvoted 2 times
drabi 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
WS Shield Advanced can help protect your Amazon EC2 instances and Network Load Balancers against infrastructure-layer Distributed Denial of
Service (DDoS) attacks. Enable AWS Shield Advanced on an AWS Elastic IP address and attach the address to an internet-facing EC2 instance or
Network Load Balancer.https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/tag/network-load-balancers/
upvoted 2 times
duriselvan 2 years, 11 months ago
Regional resources
You can protect regional resources in all Regions where AWS WAF is available. You can see the list at AWS WAF endpoints and quotas in the Amazon
Web Services General Reference.
You can use AWS WAF to protect the following regional resource types:
Amazon API Gateway REST API
Application Load Balancer
AWS AppSync GraphQL API
Amazon Cognito user pool
You can only associate a web ACL to an Application Load Balancer that's within AWS Regions. For example, you cannot associate a web ACL to an
Application Load Balancer that's on AWS Outposts.
upvoted 1 times
duriselvan 2 years, 11 months ago
Ans:-a and C
upvoted 1 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
***CORRECT***
A. Use AWS WAF to protect the NLB.
C. Use AWS WAF to protect Amazon API Gateway.
AWS WAF is a web application firewall that helps protect web applications from common web exploits such as SQL injection and cross-site scripting
attacks. By using AWS WAF to protect the NLB and Amazon API Gateway, the company can provide an additional layer of protection for its cloud
communications platform against these types of web exploits.
upvoted 1 times
PassNow1234 2 years, 11 months ago
Your answer is wrong.
Sophisticated DDOS = Shield Advanced (DD0S attacks the front!) What happens if your load balances goes down?
Your API gateway is on the BACK further behind the NLB. SQL Protect that with the WAF
B and C are right.
upvoted 5 times
jwu413 2 years, 10 months ago
This guy just copies and pastes from ChatGPT.
upvoted 5 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 11 months ago
About AWS Shield Advanced and Amazon GuardDuty
AWS Shield Advanced is a managed DDoS protection service that provides additional protection for Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon RDS DB
instances, Amazon Elastic Load Balancers, and Amazon CloudFront distributions. It can help detect and mitigate large, sophisticated DDoS attacks,
"but it does not provide protection against web exploits like SQL injection."
Amazon GuardDuty is a threat detection service that uses machine learning and other techniques to identify potentially malicious activity in your
AWS accounts. It can be used in conjunction with AWS Shield Standard, which provides basic DDoS protection for Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon
RDS DB instances, and Amazon Elastic Load Balancers. However, neither Amazon GuardDuty nor AWS Shield Standard provides protection against
web exploits like SQL injection.
Overall, the combination of using AWS WAF to protect the NLB and Amazon API Gateway provides the most protection against web exploits and
large, sophisticated DDoS attacks.
upvoted 1 times
BENICE 2 years, 11 months ago
Option B and C
upvoted 1 times
