A company wants to run applications in containers in the AWS Cloud. These applications are stateless and can tolerate disruptions
within the underlying infrastructure. The company needs a solution that minimizes cost and operational overhead.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Use Spot Instances in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to run the application containers.
B. Use Spot Instances in an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) managed node group. Most Voted
C. Use On-Demand Instances in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to run the application containers.
D. Use On-Demand Instances in an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) managed node group.
Comments
bgsanata Highly Voted 3 years ago
Selected Answer: A
Requirement is "minimizes cost and operational overhead"
A is better option than B as EKS add additional cost and operational overhead.
upvoted 18 times
EMPERBACH 2 years, 1 month ago
Really ???
You want more configuration efforts for container workload on EC2, instead of using EKS ::))
upvoted 9 times
MutiverseAgent 2 years, 11 months ago
In my opinion option A) seems to be a reasonable at first because setting up AWS EKS might be seem as an operation overhead comparing to the
option of running the containers inside the EC2 using docker just as you we do on your own machines. However, consider installing docker on
multiple EC2 instances and manually manage docker instances and images will end up in chaos, so, as a conclusion, the operational cost of setting
up AWS EKS will worth the effort.
upvoted 6 times
ruqui 3 years ago
option A is the worst option in terms of operational overhead ... you have to install your own kubernetes cluster!!! B is a more suitable option
upvoted 6 times
MutiverseAgent 2 years, 11 months ago
you do not necessary need to install K8S, in terms of plain containers you can run them using docker just as you do on your own machine.
upvoted 1 times
Lalo 3 years ago
USING SPOT INSTANCES WITH EKS
https://ec2spotworkshops.com/using_ec2_spot_instances_with_eks.html
upvoted 11 times
GalileoEC2 Highly Voted 3 years, 3 months ago
Answer is A:
Amazon ECS: ECS itself is free, you pay only for Amazon EC2 resources you use.
Amazon EKS: The EKS management layer incurs an additional cost of $144 per month per cluster.
Advantages of Amazon ECS include: Spot instances: Because containers are immutable, you can run many workloads using Amazon EC2 Spot
Instances (which can be shut down with no advance notice) and save 90% on on-demand instance costs.
upvoted 10 times
46e1a46 Most Recent 1 month, 1 week ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (72%)
A (26%)
2%
Selected Answer: D
3 Storage needs 3 different solutions
- Max I/O performance -> EC2 Instance Store. This is physically attached NVMe SSD on the host server, fasters possible I/O on AWS
- Durable Storage for media content -> S3. S3 has 11 nines of durability
- Archival storage -> S3 Glacier. Cheapest option for data that's "not in use anymore"
D
upvoted 1 times
Maco 2 months, 2 weeks ago
Selected Answer: A
Spot Instances
Up to 90% cheaper
Perfect for:
Stateless workloads
Interruptible workloads
upvoted 1 times
Bhuvan_D 1 year ago
Selected Answer: A
Why Option A is best:
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling Group + Spot Instances:
Spot Instances are highly cost-effective (up to 90% cheaper than On-Demand).
Auto Scaling ensures automatic replacement of interrupted instances.
Stateless nature of apps makes Spot a perfect fit.
Operational overhead is low compared to running a full Kubernetes cluster (like EKS).
upvoted 1 times
MortisG 1 year ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer is B since it’s less operational overhead to run containers on EKS (managed service) than running on EC2 instances which implies installing
dockers to orchestrate containers)
upvoted 1 times
zdi561 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
ai response "Generally, an ECS EC2 Auto Scaling Group is considered cheaper than an EKS Managed Node Group because with ECS, you only pay for
the EC2 instances used to run your containers, while EKS adds an additional cost per cluster hour on top of the compute costs for the managed
nodes"
upvoted 1 times
Dharmarajan 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Definitely B. running containers on spot EC2 instances means there has to be additional configuration requirements every time an instance comes up
That means making a custom AMI with prepping the spot instance to launch the container = additional operational overhead in maintaining the AM
- with EKS, that overhead is eliminated.
upvoted 2 times
satyaammm 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Spot Instances are the cheapest and most suitable here along with EKS for automation and thereby reducing operational overhead.
upvoted 2 times
PaulGa 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Ans A - hint: "stateless" and 'don't care' infrastructure - so Spot and containerisation
upvoted 1 times
huaze_lei 1 year, 9 months ago
Spot instance is definitely the answer for interruptible process. It's between A and B now.
I would reckon Option B requires lesser operational overheads than to maintain own fleet of EC2 servers with containers.
upvoted 1 times
SaurabhTiwari1 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is correct
upvoted 2 times
ChymKuBoy 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B for sure
upvoted 2 times
Anthony_Rodrigues 2 years ago
IMHO, the option **B** is the right one.
Breaking down the reasons for it:
1 - Spot is much cheaper than on-demand, which already eliminates C&D for cost related.
2 - Even though we can create a bootstrap script to install docker, managing this can be complicated, especially if any of the applications require
more than one instance running.
upvoted 4 times
lofzee 2 years ago
Container in ec2 or container on a container platform?
B
upvoted 3 times
EMPERBACH 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
run applications in containers -> Container service not EC2 (no operational overhead to config container workload on EC2)
Spot instance < On-demand cost
upvoted 3 times
vip2 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Does A implicitly means run spot Instance on ECS?
upvoted 2 times
