A company has a legacy data processing application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. Data is processed sequentially, but the
order of results does not matter. The application uses a monolithic architecture. The only way that the company can scale the
application to meet increased demand is to increase the size of the instances.
The company’s developers have decided to rewrite the application to use a microservices architecture on Amazon Elastic
Container Service (Amazon ECS).
What should a solutions architect recommend for communication between the microservices?
A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Add code to the data producers, and send data to the
queue. Add code to the data consumers to process data from the queue. Most Voted
B. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Add code to the data producers, and publish
notifications to the topic. Add code to the data consumers to subscribe to the topic.
C. Create an AWS Lambda function to pass messages. Add code to the data producers to call the Lambda function with a data
object. Add code to the data consumers to receive a data object that is passed from the Lambda function.
D. Create an Amazon DynamoDB table. Enable DynamoDB Streams. Add code to the data producers to insert data into the
table. Add code to the data consumers to use the DynamoDB Streams API to detect new table entries and retrieve the data.
Comments
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy Highly Voted 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Option B, using Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS), would not be suitable for this use case, as SNS is a pub/sub messaging service that is
designed for one-to-many communication, rather than point-to-point communication between specific microservices.
Option C, using an AWS Lambda function to pass messages, would not be suitable for this use case, as it would require the data producers and data
consumers to have a direct connection and invoke the Lambda function, rather than being decoupled through a message queue.
Option D, using an Amazon DynamoDB table with DynamoDB Streams, would not be suitable for this use case, as it would require the data
consumers to continuously poll the DynamoDB Streams API to detect new table entries, rather than being notified of new data through a message
queue.
upvoted 21 times
jerryl 1 year, 2 months ago
I think A is obvious the most suitable, but i dont understand how is this related to ECS mentioned in the question
upvoted 1 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 11 months ago
Hence, Option A is the correct answer.
Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Add code to the data producers, and send data to the queue. Add code to the data
consumers to process data from the queue.
upvoted 10 times
cookieMr Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. Creating an Amazon SQS queue allows for asynchronous communication between microservices, decoupling the data producers and consumers. I
provides scalability, flexibility, and ensures that data processing can happen independently and at a desired pace.
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (95%)
5%
B. Amazon SNS is more suitable for pub/sub messaging, where multiple subscribers receive the same message. It may not be the best fit for
sequential data processing.
C. Using AWS Lambda functions for communication introduces unnecessary complexity and may not be the optimal solution for sequential data
processing.
D. Amazon DynamoDB with DynamoDB Streams is primarily designed for real-time data streaming and change capture scenarios. It may not be the
most efficient choice for sequential data processing in a microservices architecture.
upvoted 7 times
satyaammm Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
SQS Queues are most suitable as they provide decoupling between microservices.
upvoted 1 times
scar0909 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A for sure
upvoted 2 times
reviewmine 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
To Decouple a monolithic application - SQS
- SQS standard - not in order
- SQS FIFO - in order
upvoted 5 times
upliftinghut 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Data is processed sequentially, but the order of results does not matter => SQS; if order matters => SQL FIFO
upvoted 3 times
Cloud_A 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is the answer.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Data is processed sequentially, but the order of results does not matter = Amazon Simple Queue Service
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A) Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Add code to the data producers, and send data to the queue. Add code to the
data consumers to process data from the queue.
For asynchronous communication between decoupled microservices, an SQS queue is the most appropriate service to use.
SQS provides a scalable, highly available queue to buffer messages between producers and consumers.
The order of processing does not matter, so a queue model fits well.
The consumers can scale independently to process messages from the queue.
upvoted 4 times
omoakin 2 years, 6 months ago
BBBBBBBBB
upvoted 1 times
Bmarodi 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
SQS for decoupling a monolithic architecture, hence option A is the right answer.
upvoted 2 times
Madhuaws 2 years, 8 months ago
it also says 'the order of results does not matter'. Option B is correct.
upvoted 1 times
asoli 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The answer is A.
B is wrong because SNS cannot send events "directly" to ECS.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-event-destinations.html
upvoted 2 times
user_deleted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
it deosn;t say it is one-one relationships , SNS is better
upvoted 3 times
markw92 2 years, 5 months ago
watch out for this sentence in the question..."Data needs to process sequentially...."
upvoted 3 times
career360guru 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Best answer is A.
Though C or D is possible it requires additional components and integration and so they are not efficient. Assuming that rate of incoming requests is
within limits that SQS can handle A is best option.
upvoted 2 times
k1kavi1 2 years, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is correct
upvoted 2 times
Shasha1 3 years ago
answer is B.
An Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic can be used for communication between the microservices in this scenario. The data
producers can be configured to publish notifications to the topic, and the data consumers can be configured to subscribe to the topic and receive
notifications as they are published. This allows for asynchronous communication between the microservices, Question here focus on communication
between microservices
upvoted 2 times
