A company has an AWS account used for software engineering. The AWS account has access to the company’s on-premises data
center through a pair of AWS Direct Connect connections. All non-VPC traffic routes to the virtual private gateway.
A development team recently created an AWS Lambda function through the console. The development team needs to allow the
function to access a database that runs in a private subnet in the company’s data center.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure the Lambda function to run in the VPC with the appropriate security group. Most Voted
B. Set up a VPN connection from AWS to the data center. Route the traffic from the Lambda function through the VPN.
C. Update the route tables in the VPC to allow the Lambda function to access the on-premises data center through Direct
Connect.
D. Create an Elastic IP address. Configure the Lambda function to send traffic through the Elastic IP address without an elastic
network interface.
Comments
Gil80 Highly Voted 3 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
To configure a VPC for an existing function:
1. Open the Functions page of the Lambda console.
2. Choose a function.
3. Choose Configuration and then choose VPC.
4. Under VPC, choose Edit.
5. Choose a VPC, subnets, and security groups. <-- **That's why I believe the answer is A**.
Note:
If your function needs internet access, use network address translation (NAT). Connecting a function to a public subnet doesn't give it internet access
or a public IP address.
upvoted 24 times
markw92 2 years, 11 months ago
The question says on-prem database...how do we create a SG for that instance in AWS? C make sense. my 2 cents..
upvoted 7 times
allanm 10 months, 1 week ago
On-prem databases is already connected to AWS through direct connection. This is about deploying Lambda in the VPC
upvoted 1 times
AZ_Master 2 years, 6 months ago
A is correct. To configure SG for Lambda , go to Lambda function -> Configure -> Edit VPC and scroll down to see "security groups" where you can
configure Lambda for VPC.
Also see here
https://repost.aws/questions/QUSaj1a6jBQ92Kp56klbZFNw/aws-lambda-to-on-premise-via-direct-connect-and-aws-privatelink
upvoted 2 times
SSadiq 1 year, 12 months ago
SG is for Lambda and not for the on-prem database. A is the correct option
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (76%)
C (24%)
javitech83 Highly Voted 3 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
it is A. C is not correct at all as in the question it metions that the VPC already has connectivity with on-premises
upvoted 11 times
LuckyAro 3 years, 4 months ago
C says to "update the route table" not create a new connection. C is correct.
upvoted 6 times
ruqui 3 years ago
C is wrong. Lambda can't connect by default to resources in a private VPC, so you have to do some specific setup steps to run in a private VPC,
Answer A is correct
upvoted 3 times
Adios_Amigo 3 years, 1 month ago
No need to do route updates. This is because the route to the destination on-premises is already set.
upvoted 4 times
jerryl 1 year, 2 months ago
the question didnt mention where the direct connect is set up but mention that all non vpc traffic are private
so i think it makes sense you need to config route table
and i think in C, update the vpc already imply that the lambda is going to be run in that vpc
upvoted 1 times
ChhatwaniB Most Recent 1 year, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Same queston in exam topic #524 and highly voted answer is C there
Since database on company's data center can not have security group. my vote goes to C
upvoted 2 times
Dharmarajan 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The language is confusing, but the option A essentially says that "Configure the Lambda to execute in your own VPC (instead of AWS's own Lambda
VPC) and since your VPC already is configured with the route to On prem data center, it will be able to access the on prem data center resources.
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
By default, Lambda functions operate outside the customer’s VPC. To access on-premises resources via Direct Connect, the Lambda function must be
deployed inside the VPC.
Once attached to the VPC, Lambda can use the VPC’s networking setup (route tables, security groups, and the virtual private gateway) to
communicate with the on-premises database over Direct Connect.
upvoted 2 times
ensbrvsnss 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
either A or C
upvoted 1 times
jatric 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is correect as lambda already in VPC and AWS account already has connection setup with on-premise database in private subnet
upvoted 2 times
lofzee 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
B,C,D dont have any logic behind them.
A is the most logical answer as you need to connect a function to a VPC. The VPC will be connected to the on-prem database.
upvoted 2 times
MehulKapadia 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer A: During Lambda function creation select "Advanced Settings" select "Enable VPC", this will allow you to select VPC, Subnets and
SecurityGroup for your Lambda function. This is the way Lambda can get controlled access to resouces in your VPC.
Default Lambda Settings:
When you create a Lambda function without specifying a VPC, the Lambda function does not get associated with any particular VPC. By default,
Lambda functions are not deployed within a VPC and do not have access to resources within a VPC, such as EC2 instances, RDS databases, or
Elasticache clusters, unless you explicitly configure the Lambda function to connect to a VPC.
upvoted 5 times
Uzbekistan 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Update the route tables in the VPC to allow the Lambda function to access the on-premises data center through Direct Connect.
By updating the route tables in the VPC to allow the Lambda function to access the on-premises data center through Direct Connect, is the most
appropriate solution. By updating the route tables, you can specify the route for traffic from the Lambda function to the IP address range of the on-
premises data center via the Direct Connect connection. This ensures that the Lambda function can securely communicate with the database in the
private subnet of the data center.
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
Every time I read this question the badly phrased options make no sense at all. I now want to vote for A but it makes no sense.
Question says: All non-VPC traffic routes to the virtual private gateway
So Lambda is technically a non VPC traffic too. This means it already goes through the VPGW but we don't know what it connects. Assuming it
connect the data-centre to AWS then A makes sense. BUT all this is based on different interpretation now for me.
upvoted 9 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The wording is strange because technically, the Lambda function does not "run in the VPC", rather it is connected to the VPC, but otherwise A is what
relevant documentation says - connect the Lambda function to the VPN and allow traffic in the security group.
Not B, we have Direct Connect, no need for VPN.
Not C, route is already in place. And route alone does not help - the "route tables in the VPC" are completely irrelevant as long as we don't connect
the Lambda function to the VPC.
Not D, an "Elastic IP address" is always connected to an "elastic network interface", such is created automatically with A.
upvoted 7 times
Kanagarajd 2 years, 3 months ago
I agree with explanation!
upvoted 3 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The question and options are very badly worded so it makes C a possible candidate (unconvincingly though!).
B: VPN is not needed as Direct Connect is already there
D: Irrelevant
A is too generic (appropriate security group for what?) Lambda has fixed VPC or ENI
C is logically relevant
upvoted 1 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
A says "configure the Lambda function to RUN IN the VPC", but "a Lambda function ALWAYS runs inside a VPC owned by the Lambda service"
(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/foundation-networking.html). "You can configure a Lambda function to CONNECT TO private
subnets in a virtual private cloud (VPC) in your AWS account", but "connect to" is not the same as "run in"
(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-vpc.html). Otherwise A would make sense (you CAN assign a security group to the
Elastic Network Interface that Lambda uses to connect to your VPC).
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
B We already have Direct Connect, so why set up VPN
C doesn't make sense because "all non-VPC traffic [already] routes to the virtual private gateway" (which is obviously connected to the Direct
Connect gateway), so why should you "update the route tables"?
D sounds plausible; however, an Elastic IP address is associated with an Elastic Network Interface (though that is automatically provided by AWS). So
the "without an elastic network interface" makes D wrong.
My best guess is that there's a typo or misunderstanding in the answers. It's either A but it should read "connect to the VPC" instead of "run in the
VPC", or it's D but it should read "without CREATING an elastic network interface" or "WITH an elastic network interface".
upvoted 2 times
xdkonorek2 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
it's not A:
A Lambda function always runs inside a VPC owned by the Lambda service.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/foundation-networking.html
upvoted 2 times
liux99 2 years, 7 months ago
The answer is C. The question is to allow lambda to access the database running in private subnet in the corporate data center. The only connectivity
with the data center is Direct connect.
upvoted 2 times
Igogor 2 years, 7 months ago
Answer C is correct:
https://repost.aws/questions/QUSaj1a6jBQ92Kp56klbZFNw/aws-lambda-to-on-premise-via-direct-connect-and-aws-privatelink
upvoted 2 times
