A company hosts a marketing website in an on-premises data center. The website consists of static documents and runs on a
single server. An administrator updates the website content infrequently and uses an SFTP client to upload new documents.
The company decides to host its website on AWS and to use Amazon CloudFront. The company’s solutions architect creates a
CloudFront distribution. The solutions architect must design the most cost-effective and resilient architecture for website hosting
to serve as the CloudFront origin.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create a virtual server by using Amazon Lightsail. Configure the web server in the Lightsail instance. Upload website content
by using an SFTP client.
B. Create an AWS Auto Scaling group for Amazon EC2 instances. Use an Application Load Balancer. Upload website content by
using an SFTP client.
C. Create a private Amazon S3 bucket. Use an S3 bucket policy to allow access from a CloudFront origin access identity (OAI).
Upload website content by using the AWS CLI. Most Voted
D. Create a public Amazon S3 bucket. Configure AWS Transfer for SFTP. Configure the S3 bucket for website hosting. Upload
website content by using the SFTP client.
Comments
bjexamprep Highly Voted 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The question here is whether the solution architect can change the requirement. The requirement says very clear about SFTP which cannot be
addressed by option C. But the question also gives very clear hint about OAI which cannot be addressed by option D. Option D also doesn't mention
anything about CloudFront which is part of the requirement of the question.
So, if the requirement cannot be changed, D is the answer; if the requirement can be changed, C is the answer. But if the requirement can be
changed, what's the limitation? That will be a Chaos.
I'm voting C, and curse the question designer.
upvoted 25 times
Iconique 2 years, 8 months ago
"The solutions architect must design the most cost-effective and resilient architecture for website hosting to serve as the CloudFront origin." The
solution architect is looking for a solution that can fit with CloudFront as origin! So it doesn't matter that option D does not mention CF, CF is part
of the solution!
Having a marketing website on-premise clearly indicates having S3 as static content.
AWS Transfer Family is the way to upload files via FTP to S3!
So the answer is D.
Why not C?
User is already uploading content via FTP, option C is eliminating this option for him and forces using the CLI. The solution from C does not meet
the requirements of having FTP.
upvoted 8 times
Tsige 1 year, 7 months ago
The main reason Option D is not the best answer is because it involves additional complexity and cost compared to Option C. Here’s a breakdown
Option D requires setting up AWS Transfer for SFTP, which adds an extra service to manage and incurs additional costs. While it allows the
administrator to continue using the SFTP client, it introduces more operational overhead.
Option C leverages Amazon S3 and CloudFront directly, which is simpler and more cost-effective. By using an S3 bucket policy and CloudFront
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (82%)
D (18%)
origin access identity (OAI), you ensure secure access without the need for additional services.
In summary, Option C provides a more streamlined and cost-effective solution for hosting the website and serving as the CloudFront origin.
upvoted 5 times
cookieMr Highly Voted 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Hosting the website in a private S3 provides cost-effective and highly available storage for the static website content. By configuring a bucket policy
to allow access from a CloudFront OAI, the S3 can be securely accessed only through CloudFront. This ensures that the website content is served
through CloudFront while keeping the S3 private. Uploading website content using the AWS CLI allows for easy and efficient content management.
A. Hosting the website on an Lightsail virtual server would introduce additional management overhead and costs compared to using S3 directly for
static content hosting.
B. Using an AWS ASG with EC2 instances and an ALB is not necessary for serving static website content. It would add unnecessary complexity and
cost.
D. While using AWS Transfer for SFTP allows for SFTP uploads, it introduces additional costs and complexity compared to directly uploading content
to an S3 using the AWS CLI. Additionally, hosting the website content in a public S3 may not be desirable from a security standpoint.
upvoted 9 times
jayessh Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Options A and B involve more complexity and higher costs due to the need for managing instances and load balancers. Option D, while feasible,
involves making the S3 bucket public, which is less secure compared to using a private bucket with an OAI.
correct Answer : C
upvoted 2 times
JohnYu 1 year, 8 months ago
the option D creating a public S3 bucket could expose the website content to the public, which is a security risk. Using an OAI with a private S3
bucket (as in Option C) is more secure. AWS Transfer for SFTP adds unnecessary complexity unless SFTP specifically is required.
upvoted 2 times
MatAlves 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
"The company... use Amazon CloudFront" = C is the only option that mentions CloudFront.
upvoted 2 times
Pr1est 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
This is another great example of how AWS creates crappy tests. Even internal
Tests for employees have so many flaws that people is always creating tickets challenging Questions poorly worded.
upvoted 5 times
f761d0e 2 years, 1 month ago
Another reason why A is better than C:
“ OAC helps you secure your origins, such as for Amazon S3. We recommend using OAC”
“ If your origin is an Amazon S3 bucket configured as a website endpoint, you must set it up with CloudFront as a custom origin. That means you
can't use OAC (or OAI)”
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-content-restricting-access-to-s3.html
upvoted 1 times
djgodzilla 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
you can see in this figure that transfer family framework allows for the data to be available for a broad variety of use cases including content
distribution (CF) https://d1.awsstatic.com/HIW%20SFTP%20Connectors%20v3.920176622d281d0bd087518827314169b496a055.png
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
Two main problems with D:
It's public S3 behind CloudFront which is not well-architected
Infrequent site updates using SFTP so with S3 it will be cli changes. They don't need fancy transfer for this. Right?
upvoted 2 times
MiniYang 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I think the this is a big misleading " SFTP" ( doesn't usally upload) ，and it said clearly need Cloudfront and want a cheep solution. So I chose "C"
upvoted 3 times
rlamberti 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Transfering via AWS CLI is cheaper than via Transfer Family.
It is not the best option, but will do the job of uploading the data to S3.
upvoted 2 times
juanrasus2 2 years, 7 months ago
I'd go with D. In C there is no mention to S3 bucket being configured for web hosting. Simply adding the Cloudfront distribution and pointing that to
the S3 won't work out of the box.
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D - SFTP client to upload new documents.
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
I changed C. is better then D
upvoted 4 times
baku98 2 years, 5 months ago
D is the only one possible.
C cannot be because: In Amazon CloudFront: For Restricting access to an Amazon S3 origin: If your origin is an Amazon S3 bucket configured as a
website endpoint, you must set it up with CloudFront as a custom origin. That means you can't use OAC (or OAI).
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-content-restricting-access-to-s3.html
upvoted 2 times
eugene_stalker 3 years ago
Selected Answer: D
D - SFTP client to upload new documents.
upvoted 2 times
bdp123 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS transfer is a cost and doesn't mention using CloudFront
https://aws.amazon.com/aws-transfer-family/pricing/
upvoted 4 times
Yelizaveta 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
If you don't want to disable block public access settings for your bucket but you still want your website to be public, you can create a Amazon
CloudFront distribution to serve your static website. For more information, see Use an Amazon CloudFront distribution to serve a static website in the
Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/WebsiteAccessPermissionsReqd.html
upvoted 3 times
PDR 3 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I at first thought D but it is in fact C because
"D: Create a public Amazon S3 bucket. Configure AWS Transfer for SFTP. Configure the S3 bucket for website hosting. Upload website content by
using the SFTP client." questions says that the company has decided to use Amazon Cloudfront and this answer does not reference using CF and
setting S3 as the Origin
"C. Create a private Amazon S3 bucket. Use an S3 bucket policy to allow access from a CloudFront origin access identity (OAI). Upload website
content by using the AWS CLI." - mentions CF and the origin and the AWS CLI does infact support transfer by SFTP (which was the part I originally
doubted but this link evidences that it does:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/transfer/describe-server.html
upvoted 5 times
bullrem 3 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Option C, creating a private Amazon S3 bucket and using an S3 bucket policy to allow access from a CloudFront origin access identity (OAI), would
not be the most cost-effective solution. While it would allow the company to use Amazon S3 for storage, it would also require additional setup and
maintenance of the OAI, which would add additional cost. Additionally, this solution would not allow the use of SFTP client for uploading content
which is the current method used by the company.
upvoted 1 times
