A company needs to retain application log files for a critical application for 10 years. The application team regularly accesses logs
from the past month for troubleshooting, but logs older than 1 month are rarely accessed. The application generates more than
10 TB of logs per month.
Which storage option meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Store the logs in Amazon S3. Use AWS Backup to move logs more than 1 month old to S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
B. Store the logs in Amazon S3. Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move logs more than 1 month old to S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
Most Voted
C. Store the logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Use AWS Backup to move logs more than 1 month old to S3 Glacier Deep
Archive.
D. Store the logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Use Amazon S3 Lifecycle policies to move logs more than 1 month old to S3
Glacier Deep Archive.
Comments
rjam Highly Voted 3 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Why not AwsBackup? No Glacier Deep is supported by AWS Backup
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/s3-backups.html
AWS Backup allows you to backup your S3 data stored in the following S3 Storage Classes:
• S3 Standard
• S3 Standard - Infrequently Access (IA)
• S3 One Zone-IA
• S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval
• S3 Intelligent-Tiering (S3 INT)
upvoted 11 times
tdkcumberland 3 years, 6 months ago
AWS BackUp costs something, setting up S3 LCP doesn't.
upvoted 8 times
cookieMr Highly Voted 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is the most cost-effective solution. Storing the logs in S3 and using S3 Lifecycle policies to transition logs older than 1 month to S3 Glacier Deep
Archive allows for cost optimization based on data access patterns. Since logs older than 1 month are rarely accessed, moving them to S3 Glacier
Deep Archive helps minimize storage costs while still retaining the logs for the required 10-year period.
A is incorrect because using AWS Backup to move logs to S3 Glacier Deep Archive can incur additional costs and complexity compared to using S3
Lifecycle policies directly.
C adds unnecessary complexity and costs by involving CloudWatch Logs and AWS Backup when direct management through S3 is sufficient.
D is incorrect because using S3 Lifecycle policies to move logs from CloudWatch Logs to S3 Glacier Deep Archive is not a valid option. CloudWatch
Logs and S3 have separate storage mechanisms, and S3 Lifecycle policies cannot be applied directly to CloudWatch Logs.
upvoted 7 times
satyaammm Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3 and S3 Lifecycle policies are the most suited here.
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
upvoted 1 times
PaulGa 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Ans B - S3 with Glacier Deep plus Lifecycle management
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3 Lifecycle policies to the rescue
upvoted 3 times
Mamiololo 3 years, 4 months ago
B is correct..
upvoted 1 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 3 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B (Store the logs in Amazon S3. Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move logs more than 1-month-old to S3 Glacier Deep Archive) would meet these
requirements in the most cost-effective manner.
This solution would allow the application team to quickly access the logs from the past month for troubleshooting, while also providing a cost-
effective storage solution for the logs that are rarely accessed and need to be retained for 10 years.
upvoted 2 times
career360guru 3 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B is most cost effective. Moving logs to Cloudwatch logs may incure additional cost.
upvoted 2 times
Wpcorgan 3 years, 6 months ago
B is correct
upvoted 1 times
ArielSchivo 3 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3 + Glacier is the most cost effective.
upvoted 4 times
Bevemo 3 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
D works, archive cloudwatch logs to S3 .... but is an additional service to pay for over B.
upvoted 2 times
Aamee 3 years, 6 months ago
CloudWatch logs can't store around 10 TB of data per month I believe so both C and D options are ruled out already.
upvoted 1 times
masetromain 3 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/80772-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c02/
upvoted 2 times
