A gaming company is designing a highly available architecture. The application runs on a modified Linux kernel and supports only
UDP-based traffic. The company needs the front-end tier to provide the best possible user experience. That tier must have low
latency, route traffic to the nearest edge location, and provide static IP addresses for entry into the application endpoints.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Configure Amazon Route 53 to forward requests to an Application Load Balancer. Use AWS Lambda for the application in
AWS Application Auto Scaling.
B. Configure Amazon CloudFront to forward requests to a Network Load Balancer. Use AWS Lambda for the application in an
AWS Application Auto Scaling group.
C. Configure AWS Global Accelerator to forward requests to a Network Load Balancer. Use Amazon EC2 instances for the
application in an EC2 Auto Scaling group. Most Voted
D. Configure Amazon API Gateway to forward requests to an Application Load Balancer. Use Amazon EC2 instances for the
application in an EC2 Auto Scaling group.
Comments
dokaedu Highly Voted 3 years, 7 months ago
Correct Answer: C
AWS Global Accelerator and Amazon CloudFront are separate services that use the AWS global network and its edge locations around the world.
CloudFront improves performance for both cacheable content (such as images and videos) and dynamic content (such as API acceleration and
dynamic site delivery). Global Accelerator improves performance for a wide range of applications over TCP or UDP by proxying packets at the edge to
applications running in one or more AWS Regions. Global Accelerator is a good fit for non-HTTP use cases, such as gaming (UDP), IoT (MQTT), or
Voice over IP, as well as for HTTP use cases that specifically require static IP addresses or deterministic, fast regional failover. Both services integrate
with AWS Shield for DDoS protection.
upvoted 91 times
praveenas400 3 years, 5 months ago
Explained very well. ty
upvoted 2 times
iCcma 3 years, 6 months ago
Thank you, your explanation helped me to better understand even the answer of question 29
upvoted 4 times
stepman 3 years, 6 months ago
On top of this, lambda would not be able to run application that is running on a modified Linux kernel. The answer is C .
upvoted 9 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy Highly Voted 3 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The correct answer is Option C. To meet the requirements;
* AWS Global Accelerator is a service that routes traffic to the nearest edge location, providing low latency and static IP addresses for the front-end
tier. It supports UDP-based traffic, which is required by the application.
* A Network Load Balancer is a layer 4 load balancer that can handle UDP traffic and provide static IP addresses for the application endpoints.
* An EC2 Auto Scaling group ensures that the required number of Amazon EC2 instances is available to meet the demand of the application. This will
help the front-end tier to provide the best possible user experience.
Option A is not a valid solution because Amazon Route 53 does not support UDP traffic.
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
Option B is not a valid solution because Amazon CloudFront does not support UDP traffic.
Option D is not a valid solution because Amazon API Gateway does not support UDP traffic.
upvoted 10 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 3 years, 5 months ago
My mistake, correction on Option A, it is the Application Load Balancers do not support UDP traffic. They are designed to load balance HTTP and
HTTPS traffic, and they do not support other protocols such as UDP.
upvoted 5 times
Dharmarajan Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Gobal Accelarator rules the roost in this use case! gives a static IP, and does everything asked here.
upvoted 1 times
PaulGa 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Ans C - hint: "That tier must have low latency, route traffic to the nearest edge location, and provide static IP addresses for entry into the application
endpoints."
"AWS Global Accelerator... provides static IP addresses that provide a fixed entry point to your applications and eliminate the complexity of managing
specific IP addresses for different AWS Regions and Availability Zones... [to] always routes user traffic to the optimal endpoint based on performance,
reacting instantly to changes in application health, your user’s location, and policies that you configure."
https://aws.amazon.com/global-accelerator/faqs/
upvoted 3 times
huaze_lei 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Non HTTP/S, the answer is always Global Accelerator without doubts. GA serves like Cloudfront on providing low latency through edge locations,
with the exception of handling different protocols.
upvoted 3 times
lofzee 2 years ago
Whenever I see this line : "and provide static IP addresses for entry into the application endpoints." - my brain automatically thinks Global
Accelerator.
upvoted 1 times
sidharthwader 2 years, 3 months ago
If the situation demands for UDP or some protocols that are not at application level then it would be better to use Global Accelerator and here they
need top notch perfromance hence using it with NLB would be the best answer. Cloud Front does not support UDP nor does it support use of NLB
upvoted 2 times
Murtadhaceit 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
UDP: NLB.
Static IP: Global Accelerator.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
UDP, static IP = Global Accelerator and Network Load Balancer
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS Global Accelerator provides static IP addresses that serve as a fixed entry point to application endpoints. This allows optimal routing to the
nearest edge location.
Using a Network Load Balancer (NLB) allows support for UDP traffic, as NLBs can handle TCP and UDP protocols.
The application runs on a modified Linux kernel, so using Amazon EC2 instances directly will provide the needed customization and low latency.
The EC2 instances can be auto scaled based on demand to provide high availability.
API Gateway and Application Load Balancer are more suited for HTTP/HTTPS and REST API type workloads. For a UDP gaming workload, Global
Accelerator + NLB + EC2 is a better architectural fit.
upvoted 3 times
cookieMr 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS Global Accelerator is designed to improve the availability and performance of applications by routing traffic through the AWS global network to
the nearest edge locations, reducing latency. By configuring AWS Global Accelerator to forward requests to a Network Load Balancer, UDP-based
traffic can be efficiently distributed across multiple EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. Using Amazon EC2 instances for the application allows fo
customization of the Linux kernel and support for UDP-based traffic. This solution provides static IP addresses for entry into the application
endpoints, ensuring consistent access for users.
Option A suggests using AWS Lambda for the application, but Lambda is not suitable for long-running UDP-based applications and may not provide
the required low latency.
Option B suggests using CloudFront, which is primarily designed for HTTP/HTTPS traffic and does not have native support for UDP-based traffic.
Option D suggests using API Gateway, which is primarily used for RESTful APIs and does not support UDP-based traffic.
upvoted 4 times
Abrar2022 3 years ago
aws global accelarator provides static IP addresses.
upvoted 1 times
Bmarodi 3 years ago
Selected Answer: C
My choice is option C, due to the followings: Amazon Global accelator route the traffic to nearest edge locations, it supports UDP-based traffic, and i
provides static ip addresses as well, hence C is right answer.
upvoted 2 times
bakamon 3 years, 2 months ago
Answer : C
CloudFront : Doesn't support static IP addresses
ALB : Doesn't support UDP
upvoted 1 times
Devsin2000 3 years, 3 months ago
C - https://aws.amazon.com/global-accelerator/
upvoted 1 times
SilentMilli 3 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
To meet the requirements of providing low latency, routing traffic to the nearest edge location, and providing static IP addresses for entry into the
application endpoints, the best solution would be to use AWS Global Accelerator. This service routes traffic to the nearest edge location and provides
static IP addresses for the application endpoints. The front-end tier should be configured with a Network Load Balancer, which can handle UDP-
based traffic and provide high availability. Option C, "Configure AWS Global Accelerator to forward requests to a Network Load Balancer. Use
Amazon EC2 instances for the application in an EC2 Auto Scaling group," is the correct answer.
upvoted 1 times
techhb 3 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is obvious choice here.
upvoted 1 times
