A company is developing a marketing communications service that targets mobile app users. The company needs to send
confirmation messages with Short Message Service (SMS) to its users. The users must be able to reply to the SMS messages. The
company must store the responses for a year for analysis.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Create an Amazon Connect contact flow to send the SMS messages. Use AWS Lambda to process the responses.
B. Build an Amazon Pinpoint journey. Configure Amazon Pinpoint to send events to an Amazon Kinesis data stream for
analysis and archiving. Most Voted
C. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to distribute the SMS messages. Use AWS Lambda to process the
responses.
D. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) FIFO topic. Subscribe an Amazon Kinesis data stream to the
SNS topic for analysis and archiving.
Comments
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Marketing communications = Amazon Pinpoint
upvoted 17 times
cookieMr Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
By using Pinpoint, the company can effectively send SMS messages to its mobile app users. Additionally, Pinpoint allows the configuration of
journeys, which enable the tracking and management of user interactions. The events generated during the journey, including user responses to
SMS, can be captured and sent to an Kinesis data stream. This data stream can then be used for analysis and archiving purposes.
A. Creating an Amazon Connect contact flow is primarily focused on customer support and engagement, and it lacks the capability to store and
process SMS responses for analysis.
C. Using SQS is a message queuing service and is not specifically designed for handling SMS responses or capturing them for analysis.
D. Creating an SNS FIFO topic and subscribing a Kinesis data stream is not the most appropriate solution for capturing and storing SMS responses, a
SNS is primarily used for message publishing and distribution.
In summary, option B is the best choice as it leverages Pinpoint to send SMS messages and captures user responses for analysis and archiving using
an Kinesis data stream.
upvoted 11 times
pabloss Most Recent 2 weeks, 4 days ago
Selected Answer: B
It's B, but Pinpoint will be deprecated soon
upvoted 1 times
scar0909 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/setup-sms-messaging.html
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (90%)
7%
Amazon Connect is primarily a contact center service, not designed for sending bulk SMS messages or handling two-way SMS communication for
marketing purposes. It is overkill for this use case.
upvoted 1 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/latest/userguide/welcome.html
Amazon Pinpoint is the easiest solution.
Amazon Connect is Contact Centre as a Service so this option is not relevant to the requirement.
SQS and SNS options are overengineered or under engineered for the requirements so natural choice is "B"
upvoted 2 times
whoob 2 years, 2 months ago
base function of AWS Pinpoint
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B. AWS Pinpoint is for Marketing communications.
upvoted 4 times
Bmarodi 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B is correct answer: link: https://aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/, and video under the link.
upvoted 3 times
studynoplay 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Two-Way Messaging
Receive SMS messages from your customers and reply back to them in a chat-like interactive experience. With Amazon Pinpoint, you can create
automatic responses when customers send you messages that contain certain keywords.
upvoted 2 times
CLOUDUMASTER 2 years, 7 months ago
Based on my research Kinesis stream is real time data ingestion, and also stores only event data and not the actual people responses, furthermore
there is no requirement to have real time data streaming. That is probably why I am hesitating agree here with everyone on B and rather choose A.
upvoted 1 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
"A Kinesis data stream stores records for 24 hours by default, up to 365 days (8,760 hours)."
https://aws.amazon.com/de/blogs/big-data/retaining-data-streams-up-to-one-year-with-amazon-kinesis-data-
streams/#:~:text=A%20Kinesis%20data%20stream%20stores,parallel%20and%20at%20low%2Dlatency.
upvoted 2 times
jayce5 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The answer is B. AWS Pinpoint is for Marketing communications.
AWS Connect is for Contact center.
upvoted 3 times
jaswantn 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
According to the following link I would choose Option A.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/web-and-mobile-chat.html
upvoted 1 times
smartegnine 2 years, 6 months ago
no no, there is no SMS, note the question stated all activities through SMS, also Amazon connect flow most likely working on web application UI,
but if you see question clearly, this is receiving and sending SMS not through application UI (Web/Mobile App). So for those reason we choose B
upvoted 3 times
ProfXsamson 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Amazon Pinpoint is a flexible, scalable and fully managed push notification and SMS service for mobile apps.
upvoted 4 times
Foucault 2 years, 10 months ago
It's B, see following link https://docs.aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/latest/developerguide/event-streams.html
upvoted 3 times
LuckyAro 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/product-details/sms/
Two-Way Messaging:
Receive SMS messages from your customers and reply back to them in a chat-like interactive experience. With Amazon Pinpoint, you can create
automatic responses when customers send you messages that contain certain keywords. You can even use Amazon Lex to create conversational bots
A majority of mobile phone users read incoming SMS messages almost immediately after receiving them. If you need to be able to provide your
customers with urgent or important information, SMS messaging may be the right solution for you.
You can use Amazon Pinpoint to create targeted groups of customers, and then send them campaign-based messages. You can also use Amazon
Pinpoint to send direct messages, such as appointment confirmations, order updates, and one-time passwords.
upvoted 3 times
DavidNamy 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D:
Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) is a fully managed messaging service that enables you to send and receive SMS messages in a cost-
effective and highly scalable way. By creating an SNS FIFO topic, you can ensure that the SMS messages are delivered to your users in the order they
were sent and that the SMS responses are processed and stored in the same order. You can also configure your SNS FIFO topic to publish SMS
responses to an Amazon Kinesis data stream, which will allow you to store and analyze the responses for a year.
Amazon Pinpoint ?¿?¿? NO!
is not correct solution because while Amazon Pinpoint allows you to send SMS and Email campaigns, as well as handle push notifications to a user
base, it doesn't provide SMS sending feature by itself. Furthermore, it's a service mainly focused on sending and tracking marketing campaigns, not
for managing two-way SMS communication and the reception of reply.
upvoted 3 times
Omok 2 years, 10 months ago
What do think about https://docs.aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/latest/userguide/channels-sms-two-way.html?
upvoted 2 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
To send SMS messages and store the responses for a year for analysis, the company can use Amazon Pinpoint. Amazon Pinpoint is a fully-managed
service that allows you to send targeted and personalized SMS messages to your users and track the results.
To meet the requirements of the company, a solutions architect can build an Amazon Pinpoint journey and configure Amazon Pinpoint to send
events to an Amazon Kinesis data stream for analysis and archiving. The Kinesis data stream can be configured to store the data for a year, allowing
the company to analyze the responses over time.
So, Option B is the correct answer.
Option B. Build an Amazon Pinpoint journey. Configure Amazon Pinpoint to send events to an Amazon Kinesis data stream for analysis and archiving
upvoted 5 times
