A company runs MySQL database workloads on self-managed servers in an on-premises data center. The company wants to
migrate the database workloads to an AWS managed service.
Which migration strategy should the company use?
A. Rehost
B. Repurchase
C. Refactor
D. Replatform Most Voted
Comments
AWSCGTest 2 months, 2 weeks ago
Selected Answer: B
Replace with managed/SaaS service
upvoted 1 times
Nikmah 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Replatform “lift and reshape”
• Example: migrate your database to RDS
• Example: migrate your application to Elastic Beanstalk
• Not changing the core architecture, but leverage some Cloud optimizations
• Save time and money by moving to a fully managed service or Serverless
upvoted 1 times
ShaiTay 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D. Replatform - a few adjustments will have to be made, so replatforming is the right answer vs rehosting.
upvoted 1 times
Meow7 1 year, 11 months ago
D is correct.
please help with discussion on 500 503 ~ 511. Thanks.
upvoted 1 times
ahadh7621 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
The answer is D, Replatform.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/large-migration-guide/migration-strategies.html
This strategy is also known as lift, tinker, and shift or lift and reshape. Using this migration strategy, you move the application to the cloud, and you
introduce some level of optimization in order to operate the application efficiently, to reduce costs, or to take advantage of cloud capabilities. For
example, you might replatform a Microsoft SQL Server database to Amazon RDS for SQL Server.
Using this strategy, you might make a few or many changes to the application, depending on your business goals and your target platform.
The following are common use cases for the replatform migration strategy:
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (80%)
B (20%)
You want to save time and reduce cost by moving to a fully managed service or serverless service in the AWS Cloud.
upvoted 2 times
red_panda 2 years, 1 month ago
Replatform because we are going to from self managed db to fully managed db by aws so it's not sufficient rehost.
upvoted 2 times
Zerro 2 years, 1 month ago
Why not A, rehost? Is it because Rehost is more used for applications and Replatform is used for databases?
upvoted 1 times
ShaiTay 1 year, 7 months ago
In this case, there will be adjustments made due to moving from the database workloads from a self-managed server to an AWS managed service.
So that makes it replatforming instead of rehosting. If you rehost, it's just a "lift and shift" without any changes being made.
upvoted 1 times
