A company has migrated multiple Microsoft Windows Server workloads to Amazon EC2 instances that run in the us-west-1
Region. The company manually backs up the workloads to create an image as needed.
In the event of a natural disaster in the us-west-1 Region, the company wants to recover workloads quickly in the us-west-2
Region. The company wants no more than 24 hours of data loss on the EC2 instances. The company also wants to automate any
backups of the EC2 instances.
Which solutions will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative effort? (Choose two.)
A. Create an Amazon EC2-backed Amazon Machine Image (AMI) lifecycle policy to create a backup based on tags. Schedule
the backup to run twice daily. Copy the image on demand.
B. Create an Amazon EC2-backed Amazon Machine Image (AMI) lifecycle policy to create a backup based on tags. Schedule
the backup to run twice daily. Configure the copy to the us-west-2 Region. Most Voted
C. Create backup vaults in us-west-1 and in us-west-2 by using AWS Backup. Create a backup plan for the EC2 instances based
on tag values. Create an AWS Lambda function to run as a scheduled job to copy the backup data to us-west-2.
D. Create a backup vault by using AWS Backup. Use AWS Backup to create a backup plan for the EC2 instances based on tag
values. Define the destination for the copy as us-west-2. Specify the backup schedule to run twice daily. Most Voted
E. Create a backup vault by using AWS Backup. Use AWS Backup to create a backup plan for the EC2 instances based on tag
values. Specify the backup schedule to run twice daily. Copy on demand to us-west-2.
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
Option B suggests using an EC2-backed Amazon Machine Image (AMI) lifecycle policy to automate the backup process. By configuring the policy to
run twice daily and specifying the copy to the us-west-2 Region, the company can ensure regular backups are created and copied to the alternate
region.
Option D proposes using AWS Backup, which provides a centralized backup management solution. By creating a backup vault and backup plan
based on tag values, the company can automate the backup process for the EC2 instances. The backup schedule can be set to run twice daily, and
the destination for the copy can be defined as the us-west-2 Region.
upvoted 10 times
cloudenthusiast 2 years, 6 months ago
Both options automate the backup process and include copying the backups to the us-west-2 Region, ensuring data resilience in the event of a
disaster. These solutions minimize administrative effort by leveraging automated backup and copy mechanisms provided by AWS services.
upvoted 7 times
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
LEAST admin overhead:
A: On demand so wrong
C: Lambda is overhead
E: On-demand is wrong
BD is the only choice. Although D seems to cover for B also, happy to be corrected.
upvoted 8 times
Correct Answer: BD
Community vote distribution
BD (100%)
pmlabs Most Recent 2 years, 2 months ago
B D seems to meet the requiremnts fully
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
B and D are the options that meet the requirements with the least administrative effort.
B uses EC2 image lifecycle policies to automatically create AMIs of the instances twice daily and copy them to the us-west-2 region. This automates
regional backups.
D leverages AWS Backup to define a backup plan that runs twice daily and copies backups to us-west-2. AWS Backup automates EC2 instance
backups.
Together, these options provide automated, regional EC2 backup capabilities with minimal administrative overhead.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
options B and D will provide least administrative effort.
upvoted 2 times
antropaws 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
I also vote B and D.
upvoted 2 times
nosense 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
solutions are both automated and require no manual intervention to create or copy backups
upvoted 5 times