A company wants to move from many standalone AWS accounts to a consolidated, multi-account architecture. The company
plans to create many new AWS accounts for different business units. The company needs to authenticate access to these AWS
accounts by using a centralized corporate directory service.
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Create a new organization in AWS Organizations with all features turned on. Create the new AWS accounts in the
organization. Most Voted
B. Set up an Amazon Cognito identity pool. Configure AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) to accept Amazon
Cognito authentication.
C. Configure a service control policy (SCP) to manage the AWS accounts. Add AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On)
to AWS Directory Service.
D. Create a new organization in AWS Organizations. Configure the organization's authentication mechanism to use AWS
Directory Service directly.
E. Set up AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) in the organization. Configure IAM Identity Center, and integrate it
with the company's corporate directory service. Most Voted
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: AE
A. By creating a new organization in AWS Organizations, you can establish a consolidated multi-account architecture. This allows you to create and
manage multiple AWS accounts for different business units under a single organization.
E. Setting up AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) within the organization enables you to integrate it with the company's corporate
directory service. This integration allows for centralized authentication, where users can sign in using their corporate credentials and access the AWS
accounts within the organization.
Together, these actions create a centralized, multi-account architecture that leverages AWS Organizations for account management and AWS IAM
Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) for authentication and access control.
upvoted 11 times
Guru4Cloud Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: AE
A) Using AWS Organizations allows centralized management of multiple AWS accounts in a single organization. New accounts can easily be created
within the organization.
E) Integrating AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS SSO) with the company's corporate directory enables federated single sign-on. Users can log in once to
access accounts and resources across AWS.
Together, Organizations and IAM Identity Center provide consolidated management and authentication for multiple accounts using existing
corporate credentials.
upvoted 3 times
samehpalass 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AE
A:AWS Organization
E:Authentication because option C (SCP) for Authorization
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: AE
Community vote distribution
AE (100%)
baba365 1 year, 11 months ago
Ans: CD
‘centralized corporate directory service’ with new accounts in AWS Organizations
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AE
Create a new organization in AWS Organizations with all features turned on. Create the new AWS accounts in the organization.
Set up AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) in the organization. Configure IAM Identity Center, and integrate it with the company's
corporate directory service.
AWS IAM Identity Center (successor to AWS Single Sign-On) helps you securely create or connect your workforce identities and manage their access
centrally across AWS accounts and applications.
https://aws.amazon.com/iam/identity-
center/#:~:text=AWS%20IAM%20Identity%20Center%20(successor%20to%20AWS%20Single%20Sign%2DOn)%20helps%20you%20securely%20crea
e%20or%20connect%20your%20workforce%20identities%20and%20manage%20their%20access%20centrally%20across%20AWS%20accounts%20an
d%20applications.
upvoted 2 times
nosense 2 years ago
ae is right
upvoted 2 times