A company wants to migrate its web applications from on premises to AWS. The company is located close to the eu-central-1
Region. Because of regulations, the company cannot launch some of its applications in eu-central-1. The company wants to
achieve single-digit millisecond latency.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Deploy the applications in eu-central-1. Extend the company’s VPC from eu-central-1 to an edge location in Amazon
CloudFront.
B. Deploy the applications in AWS Local Zones by extending the company's VPC from eu-central-1 to the chosen Local Zone.
Most Voted
C. Deploy the applications in eu-central-1. Extend the company’s VPC from eu-central-1 to the regional edge caches in
Amazon CloudFront.
D. Deploy the applications in AWS Wavelength Zones by extending the company’s VPC from eu-central-1 to the chosen
Wavelength Zone.
Comments
pentium75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
"AWS Local Zones are a type of AWS infrastructure deployment that place compute, storage, database, and other select services closer to large
population, industry, and IT centers, enabling you to deliver applications that require single-digit millisecond latency to end-users."
A and C tell us to "deploy the applications in eu-central-1" which is exactly what we're not supposed to do.
AWS Wavelength zones are AWS deployments in CSP's networks, has nothing to do with this question.
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/localzones/features/?nc1=h_ls
upvoted 10 times
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AC is not right "Because of regulations, the company cannot launch some of its applications in eu-central-1"
D: AWS Wavelength is for mobile network
B: Local Zones can be used to launch apps close to a region but not in a region like EUC1 so this works
upvoted 7 times
bodakrishna Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
Correct B:
AWS Local Zones are an extension of AWS infrastructure and bring AWS services closer to end-users, providing ultra-low latency for applications that
require single-digit millisecond latencies. By deploying the applications in AWS Local Zones, the company can meet the latency requirements while
also complying with regulations that prevent certain applications from being hosted in the eu-central-1 Region.
upvoted 6 times
OSHOAIB 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B - AWS Local Zones place AWS compute, storage, database, and other select services closer to end-users. This would allow the company to
deploy applications within geographic proximity to eu-central-1 without being directly in the region, potentially meeting regulatory requirements
and achieving low latency.
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (78%)
D (22%)
Whereas Option D - AWS Wavelength Zones are designed to provide developers the ability to build applications that deliver single-digit millisecond
latencies to MOBILE and connected devices. And it's more focused on 5G Apps and may not be directly relevant to Web Apps hosting.
upvoted 2 times
pdragon1981 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I would go also for B, was in doubt from B or D but I aggree with pentium75 the wavelenght zones are not designed for this use case however AWS
local zones can provide single-digit milisecond latency as described in the link
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/localzones/
upvoted 2 times
Naijaboy99 1 year, 11 months ago
option B
upvoted 4 times
meenkaza 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
AWS Wavelength (Option D): AWS Wavelength Zones bring AWS services to the edge of the 5G network, providing ultra-low latency for applications
that require single-digit millisecond latencies. Deploying applications in Wavelength Zones allows the company to extend its VPC from the eu-
central-1 Region to the chosen Wavelength Zone, providing the required low-latency access.
upvoted 6 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
"Wavelength Zones are AWS infrastructure deployments that embed AWS compute and storage services within communications service providers’
(CSP) 5G networks". They reduce latency for mobile users in the CSP's network, but this is not asked here. Local Zones provide "single-digit
millisecond latency".
upvoted 3 times
Roger_Liu 1 year, 11 months ago
It looks like D is correct from diagram in the following url.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wavelength/latest/developerguide/how-wavelengths-work.html
upvoted 1 times