A company runs several websites on AWS for its different brands. Each website generates tens of gigabytes of web traffic logs
each day. A solutions architect needs to design a scalable solution to give the company's developers the ability to analyze traffic
patterns across all the company's websites. This analysis by the developers will occur on demand once a week over the course of
several months. The solution must support queries with standard SQL.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Store the logs in Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena tor analysis. Most Voted
B. Store the logs in Amazon RDS. Use a database client for analysis.
C. Store the logs in Amazon OpenSearch Service. Use OpenSearch Service for analysis.
D. Store the logs in an Amazon EMR cluster Use a supported open-source framework for SQL-based analysis.
Comments
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Scalable + "The solution must support queries with standard SQL" = A
B not scalable
C OpenSearch is like ElasticSearch so does not support SQL syntax
D EMR is processing not storage. Map-Reduce can use SQL like syntax but this option does not solve scalable storage issues. You normally run EMR
on some stored data
upvoted 6 times
cedser8 2 years, 3 months ago
OpenSearch can support SQL queries, https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/sql-support.html
upvoted 2 times
tch Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Amazon Athena is an interactive analytics service that makes it simple to analyze data in Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) using SQL. Athena is
serverless, so there is no infrastructure to set up or manage, and you can start analyzing data immediately. You don’t even need to load your data
into Athena; it works directly with data stored in Amazon S3. Amazon Athena for SQL uses Trino and Presto with full standard SQL support and works
with various standard data formats, including CSV, JSON, Apache ORC, Apache Parquet, and Apache Avro. Athena for Apache Spark supports SQL
and allows you to use Apache Spark, an open-source, distributed processing system used for big data workloads. To get started, log in to the Athena
Management Console and start interacting with your data using the query editor or notebooks.
upvoted 1 times
KennethNg923 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
standard SQL + analyze traffic
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Difficult question because both A and C meet the requirements. (OpenSearch does "support queries with standard SQL".)
Still, native S3 storage is slightly cheaper than storage for OpenSearch. Also, Athena does not incur additional cost while OpenSearch does. Question
asks for cost efficiency, thus A.
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
D is out, not only because of the cost but also because you do not 'store logs in (!) an Amazon EMR cluster'; you can use (!) an EMR cluster to analyze
data that is stored elsewhere.
upvoted 3 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
And descriptions of both products, Athena as well as OpenSearch, state that you can use them to "analyze" data.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
solution must support queries with standard SQL = Amazon S3 with Athena
upvoted 4 times
NickGordon 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A, most cost effective
upvoted 3 times
potomac 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
option D (using Amazon EMR with an open-source framework) may be overkill for the relatively simple SQL-based analysis.
upvoted 2 times