A company is building a three-tier application on AWS. The presentation tier will serve a static website The logic tier is a
containerized application. This application will store data in a relational database. The company wants to simplify deployment and
to reduce operational costs.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use Amazon S3 to host static content. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate for compute
power. Use a managed Amazon RDS cluster for the database. Most Voted
B. Use Amazon CloudFront to host static content. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with Amazon EC2 for
compute power. Use a managed Amazon RDS cluster for the database.
C. Use Amazon S3 to host static content. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with AWS Fargate for compute
power. Use a managed Amazon RDS cluster for the database.
D. Use Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances to host static content. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with
Amazon EC2 for compute power. Use a managed Amazon RDS cluster for the database.
Comments
Yadav_Sanjay Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
ECS is slightly cheaper than EKS
upvoted 12 times
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Amazon S3 is a highly scalable and cost-effective storage service that can be used to host static website content. It provides durability, high
availability, and low latency access to the static files.
Amazon ECS with AWS Fargate eliminates the need to manage the underlying infrastructure. It allows you to run containerized applications without
provisioning or managing EC2 instances. This reduces operational overhead and provides scalability.
By using a managed Amazon RDS cluster for the database, you can offload the management tasks such as backups, patching, and monitoring to
AWS. This reduces the operational burden and ensures high availability and durability of the database.
upvoted 5 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
B: CloudFront = Extra cost for something they don't want (CDN)
C: Kubernetes is more operationally complex than ECS containers on Fargate.
D: EC2 expensive
A: S3 is cheap for static content. ECS with Fargate is easiest implantation. Managed RDS is very low op overhead
upvoted 5 times
wsdasdasdqwdaw 2 years, 1 month ago
Why not B ?
upvoted 1 times
wsdasdasdqwdaw 2 years, 1 month ago
Aaa I got it. With CF we are adding additional cost => A.
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
cyber_bedouin 2 years ago
A is better because ECS Fargate = "containerized application"
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Use Amazon S3 to host static content. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate for compute power. Use a managed
Amazon RDS cluster for the database.
upvoted 3 times
jaydesai8 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
S3= hosting static contents
Ecs = Little cheaper than EKS
RDS = Database
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Use Amazon S3 to host static content. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate for compute power. Use a managed
Amazon RDS cluster for the database
upvoted 3 times