A company is migrating its multi-tier on-premises application to AWS. The application consists of a single-node MySQL database
and a multi-node web tier. The company must minimize changes to the application during the migration. The company wants to
improve application resiliency after the migration.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Migrate the web tier to Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer. Most Voted
B. Migrate the database to Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind a Network Load Balancer.
C. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployment. Most Voted
D. Migrate the web tier to an AWS Lambda function.
E. Migrate the database to an Amazon DynamoDB table.
Comments
meenkaza Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
Web Tier Migration (Option A): Migrating the web tier to Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB)
provides horizontal scalability, automatic scaling, and improved resiliency. Auto Scaling helps in managing and maintaining the desired number of
EC2 instances based on demand, and the ALB distributes incoming traffic across multiple instances.
Database Migration to Amazon RDS Multi-AZ (Option C): Migrating the database to Amazon RDS in a Multi-AZ deployment provides high availability
and automatic failover. In a Multi-AZ deployment, Amazon RDS maintains a standby replica in a different Availability Zone, and in the event of a
failure, it automatically promotes the replica to the primary instance. This enhances the resiliency of the database.
upvoted 11 times
pentium75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
A - ALB is ideal for web application
B - NLB would work too but ALB is better
C - same functionality as on-premises just with 'improved resiliency'
D - would require significant "changes to the application"
E - would require significant "changes to the application"
upvoted 5 times
fea9bdf Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Also Dynamo DB is noSQL, that can not be an option here
upvoted 3 times
Naijaboy99 1 year, 11 months ago
option A C
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: AC
Community vote distribution
AC (100%)