A company has multiple VPCs across AWS Regions to support and run workloads that are isolated from workloads in other
Regions. Because of a recent application launch requirement, the company’s VPCs must communicate with all other VPCs across
all Regions.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of administrative effort?
A. Use VPC peering to manage VPC communication in a single Region. Use VPC peering across Regions to manage VPC
communications.
B. Use AWS Direct Connect gateways across all Regions to connect VPCs across regions and manage VPC communications.
C. Use AWS Transit Gateway to manage VPC communication in a single Region and Transit Gateway peering across Regions to
manage VPC communications. Most Voted
D. Use AWS PrivateLink across all Regions to connect VPCs across Regions and manage VPC communications
Comments
Felix_br Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
The correct answer is: C. Use AWS Transit Gateway to manage VPC communication in a single Region and Transit Gateway peering across Regions to
manage VPC communications.
AWS Transit Gateway is a network hub that you can use to connect your VPCs and on-premises networks. It provides a single point of control for
managing your network traffic, and it can help you to reduce the number of connections that you need to manage.
Transit Gateway peering allows you to connect two Transit Gateways in different Regions. This can help you to create a global network that spans
multiple Regions.
To use Transit Gateway to manage VPC communication in a single Region, you would create a Transit Gateway in each Region. You would then attach
your VPCs to the Transit Gateway.
To use Transit Gateway peering to manage VPC communication across Regions, you would create a Transit Gateway peering connection between the
Transit Gateways in each Region.
upvoted 25 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
thank you for this comprehensive explanation
upvoted 3 times
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS Transit Gateway: Transit Gateway is a highly scalable service that simplifies network connectivity between VPCs and on-premises networks. By
using a Transit Gateway in a single Region, you can centralize VPC communication management and reduce administrative effort.
Transit Gateway Peering: Transit Gateway supports peering connections across AWS Regions, allowing you to establish connectivity between VPCs in
different Regions without the need for complex VPC peering configurations. This simplifies the management of VPC communications across Regions
upvoted 8 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is like a managed solution for A. A can work but with a lot of overhead (CIDR blocks uniqueness requirement). B and D are not the right products
upvoted 2 times
potomac 2 years, 1 month ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
Selected Answer: C
multiple regions + multiple VPCs --> Transit Gateway
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Definitely C.
Very well explained by @Felix_br
upvoted 2 times
omoakin 2 years, 6 months ago
Ccccccccccccccccccccc
if you have services in multiple Regions, a Transit Gateway will allow you to access those services with a simpler network configuration.
upvoted 3 times