A company is developing a microservices application that will provide a search catalog for customers. The company must use REST
APIs to present the frontend of the application to users. The REST APIs must access the backend services that the company hosts
in containers in private VPC subnets.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Design a WebSocket API by using Amazon API Gateway. Host the application in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon
ECS) in a private subnet. Create a private VPC link for API Gateway to access Amazon ECS.
B. Design a REST API by using Amazon API Gateway. Host the application in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) in
a private subnet. Create a private VPC link for API Gateway to access Amazon ECS. Most Voted
C. Design a WebSocket API by using Amazon API Gateway. Host the application in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon
ECS) in a private subnet. Create a security group for API Gateway to access Amazon ECS.
D. Design a REST API by using Amazon API Gateway. Host the application in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) in
a private subnet. Create a security group for API Gateway to access Amazon ECS.
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
REST API with Amazon API Gateway: REST APIs are the appropriate choice for providing the frontend of the microservices application. Amazon API
Gateway allows you to design, deploy, and manage REST APIs at scale.
Amazon ECS in a Private Subnet: Hosting the application in Amazon ECS in a private subnet ensures that the containers are securely deployed within
the VPC and not directly exposed to the public internet.
Private VPC Link: To enable the REST API in API Gateway to access the backend services hosted in Amazon ECS, you can create a private VPC link. This
establishes a private network connection between the API Gateway and ECS containers, allowing secure communication without traversing the public
internet.
upvoted 14 times
MNotABot Highly Voted 2 years, 11 months ago
Question itself says: "The company must use REST APIs", hence WebSocket APIs are not applicable and such options are eliminated straight away.
upvoted 9 times
MatAlves Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
"VPC links enable you to create private integrations that connect your HTTP API routes to private resources in a VPC, such as Application Load
Balancers or Amazon ECS container-based applications."
upvoted 3 times
freedafeng 1 year, 10 months ago
I think the connection should be from the application to the ECS in the private VPC, instead of from the API Gateway to the ECS in the private VPC.
API Gateway only needs to connect to the application...
upvoted 1 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AC are wrong as they are not REST API
D, you don't make SG for API Gateway to EC2, you have to make a VPC Link. More details at
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/http-api-vpc-links.html
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
upvoted 5 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
To allow the REST APIs to securely access the backend, a private VPC link should be created from API Gateway to the ECS containers. A private VPC
link provides private connectivity between API Gateway and the VPC without using public IP addresses or requiring an internet gateway/NAT
upvoted 5 times
Axeashes 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/http-api-private-integration.html
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A VPC link is a resource in Amazon API Gateway that allows for connecting API routes to private resources inside a VPC.
upvoted 3 times
samehpalass 2 years, 11 months ago
B is the right choice
upvoted 2 times
Yadav_Sanjay 2 years, 11 months ago
Why Not D
upvoted 3 times
potomac 2 years, 7 months ago
A security group acts as a firewall for associated EC2 instances, controlling both inbound and outbound traffic at the instance level.
upvoted 2 times
nosense 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
b is right, bcs vpc link provided security connection
upvoted 4 times