A company manages AWS accounts in AWS Organizations. AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) and AWS Control Tower
are configured for the accounts. The company wants to manage multiple user permissions across all the accounts.
The permissions will be used by multiple IAM users and must be split between the developer and administrator teams. Each team
requires different permissions. The company wants a solution that includes new users that are hired on both teams.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create individual users in IAM Identity Center for each account. Create separate developer and administrator groups in IAM
Identity Center. Assign the users to the appropriate groups. Create a custom IAM policy for each group to set fine-grained
permissions.
B. Create individual users in IAM Identity Center for each account. Create separate developer and administrator groups in IAM
Identity Center. Assign the users to the appropriate groups. Attach AWS managed IAM policies to each user as needed for
fine-grained permissions.
C. Create individual users in IAM Identity Center. Create new developer and administrator groups in IAM Identity Center.
Create new permission sets that include the appropriate IAM policies for each group. Assign the new groups to the
appropriate accounts. Assign the new permission sets to the new groups. When new users are hired, add them to the
appropriate group. Most Voted
D. Create individual users in IAM Identity Center. Create new permission sets that include the appropriate IAM policies for each
user. Assign the users to the appropriate accounts. Grant additional IAM permissions to the users from within specific
accounts. When new users are hired, add them to IAM Identity Center and assign them to the accounts.
Comments
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I would:
1. Use AWS IAM Identity Center (SSO) to centrally manage user access across all accounts.
2. Create Permission Sets in Identity Center:
- One for the Developer Team, granting access to resources with developer-specific permissions (AmazonEC2FullAccess or custom policies or
something).
- Another one for the Administrator Team, granting administrator-specific permissions (AdministratorAccess or something).
3. Sync users and groups from the corporate identity provider (or manage groups directly in IAM Identity Center) to automatically apply these
permissions.
4. Assign these Permission Sets to groups of users in Identity Center rather than individuals, ensuring new users automatically inherit the appropriate
permissions based on their group.
That's why you choose C, with the least operational overhead.
upvoted 1 times
xBUGx 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is least overhead
upvoted 1 times
1Alpha1 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
Check out this one. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_n9xN5mg1g
upvoted 1 times
Moon239 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/controltower/latest/userguide/sso.html
upvoted 2 times
Cali182 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct is C
upvoted 2 times
Andy_09 1 year, 10 months ago
The correct answer should be C
upvoted 3 times