A development team is creating an event-based application that uses AWS Lambda functions. Events will be generated when files
are added to an Amazon S3 bucket. The development team currently has Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
configured as the event target from Amazon S3.
What should a solutions architect do to process the events from Amazon S3 in a scalable way?
A. Create an SNS subscription that processes the event in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) before the event
runs in Lambda.
B. Create an SNS subscription that processes the event in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) before the event
runs in Lambda
C. Create an SNS subscription that sends the event to Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS). Configure the SOS queue
to trigger a Lambda function. Most Voted
D. Create an SNS subscription that sends the event to AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS). Configure the Lambda
function to poll from the SMS event.
Comments
potomac Highly Voted 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon SQS is designed for event-driven and scalable message processing. It can handle large volumes of messages and automatically scales based
on the incoming workload. This allows for better load distribution and scaling as compared to direct Lambda invocation.
upvoted 6 times
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
scalable service = serverless = Amazon SQS implemented with FAN-OUT.
However SQS is a pull based event distribution service, it does not trigger other services.
C is the closest option.
upvoted 5 times
KennethNg923 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
SQS + SNS standard solution
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AB are way too complicated to scale without more specifics (no idea about number of events)
D SMS is not for this, it's for server migrations
C SNS is notified on file creation in S3. SNS publishes to SQS which can scale according to the input load automatically. Lambda execution can scale
a lot when attached to SQS.
ABC have scaling limits each but C's scaling limit is much better than AB
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)