A company is deploying an application that processes streaming data in near-real time. The company plans to use Amazon EC2
instances for the workload. The network architecture must be configurable to provide the lowest possible latency between nodes.
Which combination of network solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Enable and configure enhanced networking on each EC2 instance. Most Voted
B. Group the EC2 instances in separate accounts.
C. Run the EC2 instances in a cluster placement group. Most Voted
D. Attach multiple elastic network interfaces to each EC2 instance.
E. Use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) optimized instance types.
Comments
mestule Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
A. Enable and configure enhanced networking on each EC2 instance. Enhanced networking provides higher bandwidth, higher packet per second
(PPS) performance, and consistently lower inter-instance latencies.
C. Run the EC2 instances in a cluster placement group. A cluster placement group is a logical grouping of instances within a single Availability Zone.
This configuration is recommended for applications that need low network latency, high network throughput, or both.
upvoted 13 times
Sivaeas Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
To reach speeds up to 10 Gbps between instances, launch your instances in a cluster placement group with the enhanced networking instance type.
These instance types are placed physically close to each other. Instance types that are close to each other further reduces latency and improves
transfer speeds.
upvoted 5 times
FlyingHawk Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
A: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/enhanced-networking.html
C: https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/#Instance_Features
Select EC2 instances support cluster networking when launched into a common cluster placement group. A cluster placement group provides low-
latency networking between all instances in the cluster. The bandwidth an EC2 instance can utilize depends on the instance type and its networking
performance specification.
upvoted 1 times
AmirBe 1 year, 8 months ago
AC
Use of Placement Groups: Utilize EC2 Placement Groups to ensure that instances are physically located close to each other within the same
Availability Zone. This reduces the latency between instances by minimizing the distance data needs to travel.
Selection of EC2 Instance Types: Choose EC2 instance types optimized for low-latency networking, such as instances with enhanced networking
capabilities like Elastic Network Adapter (ENA) or instances that support Amazon EC2 Nitro System. These instances provide high throughput and low
latency networking performance.
upvoted 4 times
osmk 1 year, 9 months ago
what's AM?
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: AC
Community vote distribution
AC (100%)
jaswantn 1 year, 10 months ago
option C & E.
Option A is not viable as ..EC2 provides enhanced networking capabilities using single root I/O virtualization (SR-IOV) only on supported instance
types.
upvoted 1 times
jaswantn 1 year, 10 months ago
option E... EBS–optimized instance uses an optimized configuration
upvoted 1 times
sandordini 1 year, 7 months ago
C'mon, EBS is storage. The question does not deal with the storage solutions. Its a distractor...
upvoted 2 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 5 months ago
Enhanced networking is available on most modern instance families, such as C5, M5, R5, P3, G4, and others.
Always check the AWS documentation https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/ for the latest list of supported instance types:
upvoted 1 times
Andy_09 1 year, 10 months ago
Correct option should be CD
upvoted 1 times