A company runs container applications by using Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). The company's workload is not
consistent throughout the day. The company wants Amazon EKS to scale in and out according to the workload.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? (Choose two.)
A. Use an AWS Lambda function to resize the EKS cluster.
B. Use the Kubernetes Metrics Server to activate horizontal pod autoscaling. Most Voted
C. Use the Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler to manage the number of nodes in the cluster. Most Voted
D. Use Amazon API Gateway and connect it to Amazon EKS.
E. Use AWS App Mesh to observe network activity.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
B and C are the correct options.
Using the Kubernetes Metrics Server (B) enables horizontal pod autoscaling to dynamically scale pods based on CPU/memory usage. This allows
scaling at the application tier level.
The Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler (C) automatically adjusts the number of nodes in the EKS cluster in response to pod resource requirements and
events. This allows scaling at the infrastructure level.
upvoted 8 times
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
This is pretty straight forward.
Use the Kubernetes Metrics Server to activate horizontal pod autoscaling.
Use the Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler to manage the number of nodes in the cluster.
upvoted 5 times
wsdasdasdqwdaw Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
K8S Metrics Server and Autoscaler => B and C
upvoted 4 times
james2033 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
Kubernetes Metrics Server https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/metrics-server.html
AWS Autoscaler https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/autoscaling.html and
https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/cloudprovider/aws/README.md
upvoted 4 times
cloudenthusiast 2 years ago
Selected Answer: BC
By combining the Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler (option C) to manage the number of nodes in the cluster and enabling horizontal pod autoscaling
(option B) with the Kubernetes Metrics Server, you can achieve automatic scaling of your EKS cluster and container applications based on workload
demand. This approach minimizes operational overhead as it leverages built-in Kubernetes functionality and automation mechanisms.
upvoted 5 times
Correct Answer: BC
Community vote distribution
BC (100%)
nosense 2 years ago
Selected Answer: BC
b and c is right
upvoted 2 times