A company collects 10 GB of telemetry data daily from various machines. The company stores the data in an Amazon S3 bucket in
a source data account.
The company has hired several consulting agencies to use this data for analysis. Each agency needs read access to the data for its
analysts. The company must share the data from the source data account by choosing a solution that maximizes security and
operational efficiency.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure S3 global tables to replicate data for each agency.
B. Make the S3 bucket public for a limited time. Inform only the agencies.
C. Configure cross-account access for the S3 bucket to the accounts that the agencies own. Most Voted
D. Set up an IAM user for each analyst in the source data account. Grant each user access to the S3 bucket.
Comments
pentium75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A doesn't exist
B is a big "hell no"
D is a bad practice, even with IAM you'd use groups
upvoted 9 times
xBUGx Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
What if other agencies don't have an aws account?
upvoted 8 times
chickenmf 1 year, 9 months ago
then we politely tell them "no."
upvoted 10 times
ln2718 Most Recent 10 months, 3 weeks ago
Selected Answer: D
The question does not specify if the agencies have AWS accounts. This does not mean that C is the correct answer. A terribly written question, when
all they had to say was agencies need access from their AWS accounts, otherwise the real correct answer is D>
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Others have given reason by ABD are wrong. In case you need it, here is an AWS example exercise of understanding option C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/example-walkthroughs-managing-access-example2.html
upvoted 5 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
With cross-account bucket permissions Account A—can grant another AWS account, Account B, permission to access its resources such as buckets
and objects. Account B can then delegate those permissions to users in its account.
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (88%)
12%
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/example-walkthroughs-managing-access-
example2.html#:~:text=4%3A%20Clean%20up-,An%20AWS%20account,-%E2%80%94for%20example%2C%20Account
upvoted 4 times
NickGordon 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
C is the best answer
upvoted 3 times
cciesam 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
C may not correct as it's doesn't say if the analyst are using AWS services
upvoted 1 times
NickGordon 2 years, 1 month ago
in that case, an analyst user group should be created and the access should be assigned to the group. So C is better
upvoted 3 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
"consulting agencies" means some companies which may have one or more analysts each. Making IAM users for each individual to manage
permissions is not well-architected. You would at least create groups and assign it to users.
D will work as it is possible but it won't minimize "operational efficiency"
upvoted 2 times
potomac 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
I think it is C
upvoted 2 times