A company has an application that uses an Amazon DynamoDB table for storage. A solutions architect discovers that many
requests to the table are not returning the latest data. The company's users have not reported any other issues with database
performance. Latency is in an acceptable range.
Which design change should the solutions architect recommend?
A. Add read replicas to the table.
B. Use a global secondary index (GSI).
C. Request strongly consistent reads for the table. Most Voted
D. Request eventually consistent reads for the table.
Comments
alawada Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
DynamoDB by default provides eventual consistency for read operations, which means that a query may not reflect the most recent data changes
immediately after an update. Instead, it may take some time for the data to propagate across all replicas in the DynamoDB global table.
To ensure that read operations return the latest data and address the issue of stale data being returned to users, the solutions architect should
recommend switching the read consistency level from eventually consistent reads to strongly consistent reads.
upvoted 7 times
BillaRanga Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Both tables and LSIs provide two read consistency options: eventually consistent (default) and strongly consistent reads.
1) Eventually Consistent Reads
Eventually consistent is the default read consistent model for all read operations. When issuing eventually consistent reads to a DynamoDB table or
an index, the responses may not reflect the results of a recently completed write operation. If you repeat your read request after a short time, the
response should eventually return the more recent item.
upvoted 4 times
BillaRanga 1 year, 9 months ago
2) Strongly Consistent Reads
Read operations such as GetItem, Query, and Scan provide an optional ConsistentRead parameter. If you set ConsistentRead to true, DynamoDB
returns a response with the most up-to-date data, reflecting the updates from all prior write operations that were successful.
Hence it is C
A) Read-replicas are Async again, Which will persist the same problem.
B) Indexing will further cause latency, this has nothing to do with the question
upvoted 5 times
Andy_09 1 year, 10 months ago
Option C
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)