A company runs an application that uses Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. The application receives traffic only on weekdays during
business hours. The company wants to optimize costs and reduce operational overhead based on this usage.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use the Instance Scheduler on AWS to configure start and stop schedules. Most Voted
B. Turn off automatic backups. Create weekly manual snapshots of the database.
C. Create a custom AWS Lambda function to start and stop the database based on minimum CPU utilization.
D. Purchase All Upfront reserved DB instances.
Comments
potomac Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
The Instance Scheduler on AWS solution automates the starting and stopping of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) and Amazon
Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) instances.
This solution helps reduce operational costs by stopping resources that are not in use and starting them when they are needed. The cost savings can
be significant if you leave all of your instances running at full utilization continuously.
https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/implementations/instance-scheduler-on-aws/
upvoted 6 times
pentium75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
B increases operational overhead
C Lambda functions could work but NOT "based on minimum CPU utilization"
D might save cost but not as much as A
upvoted 4 times
ibu007 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. Use the Instance Scheduler on AWS to configure start and stop schedules
upvoted 4 times
baba365 2 years, 2 months ago
Why not D?
upvoted 3 times
AndreiWebNet 2 years ago
How do you actually reduce costs enough to buy upfront instances that you pay for them if you use them 1 h or 24 and it is payed to run 24h. It
says that you use this instances 8 hours a day 5 days a week, totaling 40h a week.... so is it the difference from 40h to 168 h?
upvoted 3 times
master9 1 year, 11 months ago
When you buy Reserved Instances, the larger the upfront payment, the greater the discount. To maximize your savings, you can pay all up-front
and receive the largest discount. Partial up-front RI's offer lower discounts but give you the option to spend less up front. Lastly, you can choose
to spend nothing up front and receive a smaller discount, but allowing you to free up capital to spend in other projects.
But you need some mechanism to stop on weekend and in night to save cost.
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (96%)
4%
ErnShm 2 years, 3 months ago
A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/instance-scheduler-on-aws/solution-overview.html
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Purpose-built scheduling minimizes operational overhead.
Aligns instance running time precisely with business hour demands.
Maintains backups unlike disabling auto backups.
More cost effective and flexible than reserved instances.
Simpler to implement than a custom Lambda function.
upvoted 4 times
anikety123 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Its B. Check the AWS link
https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/implementations/instance-scheduler-on-aws/?nc1=h_ls
upvoted 1 times
anikety123 2 years, 3 months ago
Sorry I wanted to select A.
upvoted 5 times
mrsoa 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A
https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/implementations/instance-scheduler-on-aws/
upvoted 2 times
luiscc 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Scheduler do the job
upvoted 4 times