A company has two VPCs that are located in the us-west-2 Region within the same AWS account. The company needs to allow
network traffic between these VPCs. Approximately 500 GB of data transfer will occur between the VPCs each month.
What is the MOST cost-effective solution to connect these VPCs?
A. Implement AWS Transit Gateway to connect the VPCs. Update the route tables of each VPC to use the transit gateway for
inter-VPC communication.
B. Implement an AWS Site-to-Site VPN tunnel between the VPCs. Update the route tables of each VPC to use the VPN tunnel
for inter-VPC communication.
C. Set up a VPC peering connection between the VPCs. Update the route tables of each VPC to use the VPC peering
connection for inter-VPC communication. Most Voted
D. Set up a 1 GB AWS Direct Connect connection between the VPCs. Update the route tables of each VPC to use the Direct
Connect connection for inter-VPC communication.
Comments
luiscc Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is the correct answer.
VPC peering is the most cost-effective way to connect two VPCs within the same region and AWS account. There are no additional charges for VPC
peering beyond standard data transfer rates.
Transit Gateway and VPN add additional hourly and data processing charges that are not necessary for simple VPC peering.
Direct Connect provides dedicated network connectivity, but is overkill for the relatively low inter-VPC data transfer needs described here. It has high
fixed costs plus data transfer rates.
For occasional inter-VPC communication of moderate data volumes within the same region and account, VPC peering is the most cost-effective
solution. It provides simple private connectivity without transfer charges or network appliances.
upvoted 6 times
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The key reasons are:
VPC peering provides private connectivity between VPCs without using public IP space.
Data transferred between peered VPCs is free as long as they are in the same region.
500 GB/month inter-VPC data transfer fits within peering free tier.
Transit Gateway (Option A) incurs hourly charges plus data transfer fees. More costly than peering.
Site-to-Site VPN (Option B) incurs hourly charges and data transfer fees. More expensive than peering.
Direct Connect (Option D) has high hourly charges and would be overkill for this use case.
upvoted 5 times
TariqKipkemei Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A VPC peering connection is a networking connection between two VPCs that enables you to route traffic between them using private IPv4 addresse
or IPv6 addresses. Instances in either VPC can communicate with each other as if they are within the same network. You can create a VPC peering
connection between your own VPCs, or with a VPC in another AWS account. The VPCs can be in different Regions (also known as an inter-Region
VPC peering connection).
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/peering/what-is-vpc-peering.html#:~:text=A-,VPC%20peering,-connection%20is%20a
upvoted 3 times
BrijMohan08 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Transit Gateway network peering.
VPC Peering to peer 2 or more VPC in the same region.
upvoted 4 times
mrsoa 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
VPC peering is the most cost-effective solution
upvoted 2 times
Deepakin96 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Communicating with two VPC in same account = VPC Peering
upvoted 2 times