A solutions architect creates a VPC that includes two public subnets and two private subnets. A corporate security mandate
requires the solutions architect to launch all Amazon EC2 instances in a private subnet. However, when the solutions architect
launches an EC2 instance that runs a web server on ports 80 and 443 in a private subnet, no external internet traffic can connect to
the server.
What should the solutions architect do to resolve this issue?
A. Attach the EC2 instance to an Auto Scaling group in a private subnet. Ensure that the DNS record for the website resolves to
the Auto Scaling group identifier.
B. Provision an internet-facing Application Load Balancer (ALB) in a public subnet. Add the EC2 instance to the target group
that is associated with the ALEnsure that the DNS record for the website resolves to the ALB. Most Voted
C. Launch a NAT gateway in a private subnet. Update the route table for the private subnets to add a default route to the NAT
gateway. Attach a public Elastic IP address to the NAT gateway.
D. Ensure that the security group that is attached to the EC2 instance allows HTTP traffic on port 80 and HTTPS traffic on port
443. Ensure that the DNS record for the website resolves to the public IP address of the EC2 instance.
Comments
sandordini Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
Not A - Autoscaling Irrelevant
B - ALB, route tales for the public subnet with a route to Priv subnet
C - "NAT gateway" is "to allow [outbound] internet traffic", but this is about inbound traffic
D - Instances are in the private subnet, therefore it wont work from the public.
upvoted 6 times
anikolov Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B: Provision an internet-facing Application Load Balancer (ALB) in a public subnet makes more sense
upvoted 5 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - Auto Scaling groups are for managing instance scaling.
B - The internet-facing ALB is deployed in a public subnet and acts as a bridge between the internet and the private EC2 instance. Then, The ALB
forwards HTTP/HTTPS traffic to the EC2 instance in the private subnet.
C - A NAT gateway provides outbound internet access for private instances, but it does not solve inbound traffic issues.
D - Private EC2 instances do not have public IP addresses at all.
upvoted 1 times
8621a7c 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Is the question ask to solve the external connection?
upvoted 1 times
waldirlsantos 2 years, 1 month ago
Why not "D"?
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (84%)
Other
boluwatito 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
nsure that the security group attached to the EC2 instance allows inbound traffic on ports 80 and 443 from the desired sources (e.g., any IP or
specific IP ranges). This allows external internet traffic to reach the web server running on the EC2 instance
upvoted 1 times
GOTJ 1 year, 5 months ago
But the EC2s must be located in a private subnet, which is not direct internet accesible by definition
upvoted 1 times
TruthWS 2 years, 2 months ago
B - because ALB do it better NAT
upvoted 2 times
Cali182 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Option C from Chatgt
upvoted 1 times
jaswantn 2 years, 4 months ago
NAT Gateway stays in public subnet, not in private subnet. So, C can't be.
upvoted 6 times
lenotc 2 years, 2 months ago
NAT Gateway outbound connections
upvoted 2 times
mestule 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B makes most sense
upvoted 4 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Changing to option D
upvoted 1 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
C should be the correct answer
upvoted 1 times