A retail company uses a regional Amazon API Gateway API for its public REST APIs. The API Gateway endpoint is a custom domain
name that points to an Amazon Route 53 alias record. A solutions architect needs to create a solution that has minimal effects on
customers and minimal data loss to release the new version of APIs.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create a canary release deployment stage for API Gateway. Deploy the latest API version. Point an appropriate percentage
of traffic to the canary stage. After API verification, promote the canary stage to the production stage. Most Voted
B. Create a new API Gateway endpoint with a new version of the API in OpenAPI YAML file format. Use the import-to-update
operation in merge mode into the API in API Gateway. Deploy the new version of the API to the production stage.
C. Create a new API Gateway endpoint with a new version of the API in OpenAPI JSON file format. Use the import-to-update
operation in overwrite mode into the API in API Gateway. Deploy the new version of the API to the production stage.
D. Create a new API Gateway endpoint with new versions of the API definitions. Create a custom domain name for the new API
Gateway API. Point the Route 53 alias record to the new API Gateway API custom domain name.
Comments
AudreyNguyenHN Highly Voted 2 years, 10 months ago
We made it all the way here. Good luck everyone!
upvoted 20 times
dddddddddddww12 Highly Voted 2 years, 11 months ago
what are the total number of questions this package has as on 14 July 2023 , is it 544 or 551 ?
upvoted 8 times
NayeraB 2 years, 3 months ago
It's 20th of Feb 2024, and it's 798 (it says 804 at the top I donno why tho)
upvoted 3 times
DougZ 11 months ago
It's 13th of July 2025, there is 1019 questions.
upvoted 3 times
Faridtnx 2 years, 2 months ago
March 2024 its 825 questions. Constantly adding.
Doe ur question, ExamTopic always shows a few more question in listing compared to actual number
upvoted 5 times
MrAliMohsan 1 year, 9 months ago
August 2024 - 981 questions :'(
upvoted 3 times
rosanna Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
where do you guys get to know the answer to these things? I study from Stephan's content but lots of topics are uncovered, where am I supposed to
find all the exam content in one place?
upvoted 1 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/canary-release.html
upvoted 4 times
potomac 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
In a canary release deployment, total API traffic is separated at random into a production release and a canary release with a pre-configured ratio.
Typically, the canary release receives a small percentage of API traffic and the production release takes up the rest. The updated API features are only
visible to API traffic through the canary. You can adjust the canary traffic percentage to optimize test coverage or performance.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/canary-release.html
upvoted 7 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Using a canary release deployment allows incremental rollout of the new API version to a percentage of traffic. This minimizes impact on customers
and potential data loss during the release.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Minimal effects on customers and minimal data loss = Canary deployment
upvoted 5 times
james2033 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Key word "canary release". See this term in See: https://www.jetbrains.com/teamcity/ci-cd-guide/concepts/canary-release/ and/or
https://martinfowler.com/bliki/CanaryRelease.html
upvoted 2 times
Abrar2022 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
keyword: "latest versions on an api"
Canary release is a software development strategy in which a "new version of an API" (as well as other software) is deployed for testing purposes.
upvoted 4 times
jkhan2405 3 years ago
Selected Answer: A
It's A
upvoted 2 times
alexandercamachop 3 years ago
Selected Answer: A
A. Create a canary release deployment stage for API Gateway. Deploy the latest API version. Point an appropriate percentage of traffic to the canary
stage. After API verification, promote the canary stage to the production stage.
Canary release meaning only certain percentage of the users.
upvoted 4 times