A company runs applications on AWS that connect to the company's Amazon RDS database. The applications scale on weekends
and at peak times of the year. The company wants to scale the database more effectively for its applications that connect to the
database.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use Amazon DynamoDB with connection pooling with a target group configuration for the database. Change the
applications to use the DynamoDB endpoint.
B. Use Amazon RDS Proxy with a target group for the database. Change the applications to use the RDS Proxy endpoint.
Most Voted
C. Use a custom proxy that runs on Amazon EC2 as an intermediary to the database. Change the applications to use the
custom proxy endpoint.
D. Use an AWS Lambda function to provide connection pooling with a target group configuration for the database. Change the
applications to use the Lambda function.
Comments
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
Amazon RDS Proxy is a fully managed, highly available database proxy for Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) that makes applications more
resilient to database failures. Many applications, including those built on modern serverless architectures, can have a large number of open
connections to the database server and may open and close database connections at a high rate, exhausting database memory and compute
resources. Amazon RDS Proxy allows applications to pool and share connections established with the database, improving database efficiency and
application scalability. With RDS Proxy, failover times for Aurora and RDS databases are reduced by up to 66%
upvoted 7 times
TOR_0511 Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
A out because DynamoDB is a NoSQL DB
B As the question is referring about DB connections so this option has the LEAST operational overhead
upvoted 5 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A: DynamoDB != RDS
C: Total nonsense
D: Lambda for providing connection pooling sound impractical if not impossible. Would be fun to watch someone do this though...
B RDS Proxy is specifically made for connection pooling.
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)