A company has a large workload that runs every Friday evening. The workload runs on Amazon EC2 instances that are in two
Availability Zones in the us-east-1 Region. Normally, the company must run no more than two instances at all times. However, the
company wants to scale up to six instances each Friday to handle a regularly repeating increased workload.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create a reminder in Amazon EventBridge to scale the instances.
B. Create an Auto Scaling group that has a scheduled action. Most Voted
C. Create an Auto Scaling group that uses manual scaling.
D. Create an Auto Scaling group that uses automatic scaling.
Comments
Bmaster Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
B is correct.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/ec2-auto-scaling-scheduled-scaling.html
upvoted 9 times
wizcloudifa Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - too much operation overhead, manually provisioning the instances after you receive the reminder from eventbridge
B - right answer, as you can scale up the EC2 instances and keep them ready before large overload time
C - too much operation overhead in manually scaling
D - automatic scaling will scale up the instances after some duration after it has encountered the heavy workload traffic, not ideal
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
runs every Friday evening = an Auto Scaling group that has a scheduled action
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The key reasons:
Auto Scaling scheduled actions allow defining specific dates/times to scale out or in. This can be used to scale to 6 instances every Friday evening
automatically.
Scheduled scaling removes the need for manual intervention to scale up/down for the workload.
EventBridge reminders and manual scaling require human involvement each week adding overhead.
Automatic scaling responds to demand and may not align perfectly to scale out every Friday without additional tuning.
Scheduled Auto Scaling actions provide the automation needed to scale for the weekly workload without ongoing operational overhead.
upvoted 4 times
Sat897 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Predicted period.. So schedule the instance
upvoted 4 times
mrsoa 2 years, 4 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
Selected Answer: B
B seems to be correct
upvoted 2 times
Deepakin96 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
When we know the run time is Friday, we can schedule the instance to 6
upvoted 3 times
Josantru 2 years, 4 months ago
Correct B.
upvoted 4 times