A company runs an SMB file server in its data center. The file server stores large files that the company frequently accesses for up
to 7 days after the file creation date. After 7 days, the company needs to be able to access the files with a maximum retrieval time
of 24 hours.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use AWS DataSync to copy data that is older than 7 days from the SMB file server to AWS.
B. Create an Amazon S3 File Gateway to increase the company's storage space. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the
data to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 7 days. Most Voted
C. Create an Amazon FSx File Gateway to increase the company's storage space. Create an Amazon S3 Lifecycle policy to
transition the data after 7 days.
D. Configure access to Amazon S3 for each user. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the data to S3 Glacier Flexible
Retrieval after 7 days.
Comments
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A: DataSync is not used for this
C: FSx File Gateway requires NFS on both sides so won't work with S3
D: Doesn't say how to transfer data to S3
B: S3 File Gateway will connect SMB to S3. Lifecycle policy will move objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive which support 12 hours retrieval
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-amazon-s3-storage-class-glacier-deep-archive/
upvoted 8 times
PegasusForever Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Answer is B, Amazon S3 File Gateway supports SMB and NFS, Amazon FSx File Gateway SMB for windows workloads.
upvoted 6 times
NayeraB Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
It feels like C is there just to mess with everyone
upvoted 5 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Not C because FSx File Gateway saves files in FSx for Windows file server, not S3.
Not D because users should acess the files via SMB
upvoted 4 times
chickenmf 1 year, 9 months ago
"FSx File Gateway saves files in FSx for Windows File Server, not S3"
-- me spreading misinformation on the Internet >:)
upvoted 1 times
chickenmf 1 year, 9 months ago
While it is optimized for compatibility with Windows environments, the files stored in Amazon S3 through the FSx File Gateway are not limited to
Windows-only access.
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (88%)
12%
cciesam 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3 file gateway supports SMB and S3 Glacier Deep Archive can retrieve data within 12 hours.
https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/file/s3/
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/backup-recovery/amazon-s3-glacier.html
upvoted 5 times
Roger_Liu 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I prefer to choose Amazon S3 File Gateway.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/filegateway/latest/files3/file-gateway-concepts.html
upvoted 5 times
meenkaza 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon FSx File Gateway with S3 Lifecycle policy (Option C): Amazon FSx is a fully managed file storage service, and with a File Gateway, it allows
seamless integration between on-premises file servers and AWS storage. By creating an Amazon FSx File Gateway and implementing an S3 Lifecycle
policy to transition data to S3 after 7 days, you can achieve the desired storage and retrieval characteristics.
upvoted 3 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Wrong. An "FSx File Gateway" stores the files on AWS side in FSx for Windows file server, NOT in S3. Thus you can't apply the "S3 Lifecycle Policy".
upvoted 5 times