A company needs to connect several VPCs in the us-east-1 Region that span hundreds of AWS accounts. The company's
networking team has its own AWS account to manage the cloud network.
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution to connect the VPCs?
A. Set up VPC peering connections between each VPC. Update each associated subnet’s route table
B. Configure a NAT gateway and an internet gateway in each VPC to connect each VPC through the internet
C. Create an AWS Transit Gateway in the networking team’s AWS account. Configure static routes from each VPC. Most Voted
D. Deploy VPN gateways in each VPC. Create a transit VPC in the networking team’s AWS account to connect to each VPC.
Comments
hsinchang Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The main difference between AWS Transit Gateway and VPC peering is that AWS Transit Gateway is designed to connect multiple VPCs together in a
hub-and-spoke model, while VPC peering is designed to connect two VPCs together in a peer-to-peer model.
As we have several VPCs here, the answer should be C.
upvoted 20 times
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS Transit Gateway is a highly scalable and centralized hub for connecting multiple VPCs, on-premises networks, and remote networks. It simplifies
network connectivity by providing a single entry point and reducing the number of connections required. In this scenario, deploying an AWS Transit
Gateway in the networking team's AWS account allows for efficient management and control over the network connectivity across multiple VPCs.
upvoted 7 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A: This option is suggesting hundreds of peering connection for EACH VPC. Nope!
B: NAT gateway is for network translation not VPC interconnectivity so this is wrong
C: Transit GW + static routes will connect all VPCs https://aws.amazon.com/transit-gateway/
D: VPN gateway is for on-prem to VPN for a VPC. There is no on-prem here so this is wrong
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
Connect, Monitor and Manage Multiple VPCs in one place = AWS Transit Gateway
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is the most operationally efficient solution for connecting a large number of VPCs across accounts.
Using AWS Transit Gateway allows all the VPCs to connect to a central hub without needing to create a mesh of VPC peering connections between
each VPC pair.
This significantly reduces the operational overhead of managing the network topology as new VPCs are added or changed.
The networking team can centrally manage the Transit Gateway routing and share it across accounts using Resource Access Manager.
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
MirKhobaeb 2 years, 6 months ago
Answer is C
upvoted 2 times
MirKhobaeb 2 years, 6 months ago
A transit gateway is a network transit hub that you can use to interconnect your virtual private clouds (VPCs) and on-premises networks. As your
cloud infrastructure expands globally, inter-Region peering connects transit gateways together using the AWS Global Infrastructure. Your data is
automatically encrypted and never travels over the public internet.
upvoted 3 times
nosense 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I voted for c
upvoted 3 times
nosense 2 years, 6 months ago
An AWS Transit Gateway is a highly scalable and secure way to connect VPCs in multiple AWS accounts. It is a central hub that routes traffic between
VPCs, on-premises networks, and AWS services.
upvoted 4 times