A company hosts a three-tier web application in the AWS Cloud. A Multi-AZAmazon RDS for MySQL server forms the database
layer Amazon ElastiCache forms the cache layer. The company wants a caching strategy that adds or updates data in the cache
when a customer adds an item to the database. The data in the cache must always match the data in the database.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Implement the lazy loading caching strategy
B. Implement the write-through caching strategy Most Voted
C. Implement the adding TTL caching strategy
D. Implement the AWS AppConfig caching strategy
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
In the write-through caching strategy, when a customer adds or updates an item in the database, the application first writes the data to the database
and then updates the cache with the same data. This ensures that the cache is always synchronized with the database, as every write operation
triggers an update to the cache.
upvoted 31 times
cloudenthusiast 2 years, 6 months ago
Lazy loading caching strategy (option A) typically involves populating the cache only when data is requested, and it does not guarantee that the
data in the cache always matches the data in the database.
Adding TTL (Time-to-Live) caching strategy (option C) involves setting an expiration time for cached data. It is useful for scenarios where the data
can be considered valid for a specific period, but it does not guarantee that the data in the cache is always in sync with the database.
AWS AppConfig caching strategy (option D) is a service that helps you deploy and manage application configurations. It is not specifically designed
for caching data synchronization between a database and cache layer.
upvoted 38 times
Kp88 2 years, 4 months ago
Great explanation , thanks
upvoted 3 times
zinabu Most Recent 1 year, 8 months ago
write-through cashing strategy
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
More helpful reading for why B is the answer:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/mem-ug/Strategies.html#Strategies.WriteThrough
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B. Implement the write-through caching strategy
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The answer is definitely B.
I couldn't provide any more details than what has been shared by @cloudenthusiast.
upvoted 2 times
nosense 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
write-through caching strategy updates the cache at the same time as the database
upvoted 3 times