A solutions architect is designing a security solution for a company that wants to provide developers with individual AWS accounts
through AWS Organizations, while also maintaining standard security controls. Because the individual developers will have AWS
account root user-level access to their own accounts, the solutions architect wants to ensure that the mandatory AWS CloudTrail
configuration that is applied to new developer accounts is not modified.
Which action meets these requirements?
A. Create an IAM policy that prohibits changes to CloudTrail. and attach it to the root user.
B. Create a new trail in CloudTrail from within the developer accounts with the organization trails option enabled.
C. Create a service control policy (SCP) that prohibits changes to CloudTrail, and attach it the developer accounts. Most Voted
D. Create a service-linked role for CloudTrail with a policy condition that allows changes only from an Amazon Resource Name
(ARN) in the management account.
Comments
Xin123 Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Organizations + Restricts = SCP
upvoted 7 times
taustin2 Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
For Organizations to restrict users in accounts, use an SCP.
upvoted 7 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_scps.html
upvoted 4 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 10 months ago
C is correct but for my sanity I want to know what D is talking about as it makes no sense to me. Can someone explain?
upvoted 2 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 6 months ago
The "policy condition" mentioned in option D can never be created. A service-linked role is a type of IAM role that is predefined by AWS and
tightly integrated with AWS services, allowing AWS services to perform actions on your behalf. However, service-linked roles are not meant to
control or restrict user actions, but simply designed for services to function correctly.
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
Guardrails = service control policy
upvoted 1 times
Ramdi1 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C - Use SCP best way
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
upvoted 4 times