A company has 5 PB of archived data on physical tapes. The company needs to preserve the data on the tapes for another 10
years for compliance purposes. The company wants to migrate to AWS in the next 6 months. The data center that stores the tapes
has a 1 Gbps uplink internet connectivity.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Read the data from the tapes on premises. Stage the data in a local NFS storage. Use AWS DataSync to migrate the data to
Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval.
B. Use an on-premises backup application to read the data from the tapes and to write directly to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep
Archive.
C. Order multiple AWS Snowball devices that have Tape Gateway. Copy the physical tapes to virtual tapes in Snowball. Ship the
Snowball devices to AWS. Create a lifecycle policy to move the tapes to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive. Most Voted
D. Configure an on-premises Tape Gateway. Create virtual tapes in the AWS Cloud. Use backup software to copy the physical
tape to the virtual tape.
Comments
adeyinkaamole Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
If you have made it to the end of the exam dump, you will definitely pass your exams in Jesus name. After over a year of Procrastination, I am finally
ready to write my AWS Solutions Architect Exam. Thank you Exam Topics
upvoted 35 times
Hades2231 Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Ready for the exam tomorrow. Wish you guys all the best. BTW Snowball Device comes in handy when you need to move a huge amount of data but
cant afford any bandwidth loss
upvoted 13 times
MatAlves Most Recent 1 year, 8 months ago
Oh, to think now we have to study 904 questions instead of just 583 lol
upvoted 3 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
currently (22 Nov 2024), question count now stands at 1.019
upvoted 3 times
XXXXXlNN 1 year, 8 months ago
well, 2 weeks later today, it says 981 questions...
upvoted 3 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
5PB over 1GB connection will take approximately 15 months so anything with "transfer" is invalid. ABD are not practical.
C: Just order snowball
upvoted 5 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (98%)
2%
Though we'll need more than 60 Snowball devices, C is the only option that works. The internet uplink could transport less than 2 PB in 6 months
(otherwise, say with a 10 Gb uplink, D would work).
upvoted 6 times
Cyberkayu 2 years, 5 months ago
transfer 5 PB data in 1Gbps link, assume 0 overhead and drop packet, need 485 days, 10 hours, 50 minutes, 40 seconds to complete.
Snowball it is. C
upvoted 1 times
SHAAHIBHUSHANAWS 2 years, 6 months ago
C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/latest/tgw/using-tape-gateway-snowball.html
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Migrate petabyte-scale data stored on physical tapes to AWS using AWS Snowball
https://aws.amazon.com/snowball/#:~:text=Migrate-,petabyte%2Dscale,-data%20stored%20on
upvoted 2 times
hungta 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
5 PB data is too huge for using 1Gbps uplink. With this uplink, it takes more than 1 year to migrate this data.
upvoted 2 times
baba365 2 years, 8 months ago
Answer: D for most cost effective.
If you are looking for a cost-effective, durable, long-term, offsite alternative for data archiving, deploy a Tape Gateway. With its virtual tape library
(VTL) interface, you can use your existing tape-based backup software infrastructure to store data on virtual tape cartridges that you create -
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/latest/tgw/WhatIsStorageGateway.html
upvoted 1 times
Devsin2000 2 years, 8 months ago
D
https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/vtl/
the bandwidth and available time is ample
upvoted 1 times
nnecode 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The most cost-effective solution to meet the requirements is to read the data from the tapes on premises. Stage the data in a local NFS storage. Use
AWS DataSync to migrate the data to Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval.
This solution is the most cost-effective because it uses the least amount of bandwidth. AWS DataSync is a service that transfers data between on-
premises storage and Amazon S3. It uses a variety of techniques to optimize the transfer speed and reduce c
upvoted 1 times
lemur88 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Only thing that makes sense given the 1Gbps limitation
upvoted 1 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Option C is likely the most cost-effective solution given the large data size and limited internet bandwidth. The physical data transfer and integration
with the existing tape infrastructure provides efficiency benefits that can optimize the cost.
upvoted 3 times
barracouto 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Went through this dump twice now. Exam is in about an hour. Will update with results.
upvoted 2 times
Vaishali12 2 years, 9 months ago
how was ur exam?
was these dump que helpful?
upvoted 1 times
riccardoto 2 years, 10 months ago
Finished the dump today - taking my exam tomorrow :-) Wish me luck!
upvoted 4 times
Ale1973 2 years, 10 months ago
My rational: question is about which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively, not MOST time or effectively, then, my response is
D (using Tape Gateways)
upvoted 4 times