A company seeks a storage solution for its application. The solution must be highly available and scalable. The solution also must
function as a file system be mountable by multiple Linux instances in AWS and on premises through native protocols, and have no
minimum size requirements. The company has set up a Site-to-Site VPN for access from its on-premises network to its VPC.
Which storage solution meets these requirements?
A. Amazon FSx Multi-AZ deployments
B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) Multi-Attach volumes
C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) with multiple mount targets Most Voted
D. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) with a single mount target and multiple access points
Comments
Felix_br Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The other options are incorrect for the following reasons:
A. Amazon FSx Multi-AZ deployments Amazon FSx is a managed file system service that provides access to file systems that are hosted on Amazon
EC2 instances. Amazon FSx does not support native protocols, such as NFS.
B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) Multi-Attach volumes Amazon EBS is a block storage service that provides durable, block-level storage
volumes for use with Amazon EC2 instances. Amazon EBS Multi-Attach volumes can be attached to multiple EC2 instances at the same time, but they
cannot be mounted by multiple Linux instances through native protocols, such as NFS.
D. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) with a single mount target and multiple access points A single mount target can only be used to mount
the file system on a single EC2 instance. Multiple access points are used to provide access to the file system from different VPCs.
upvoted 14 times
unbendable 2 years, 1 month ago
Amazon FSx ONTAP supports clients mounting it with NFS. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/fsx/latest/ONTAPGuide/attach-linux-client.html. Though A
is not clear about which FSx product is used
upvoted 2 times
dkw2342 1 year, 9 months ago
"A single mount target can only be used to mount the file system on a single EC2 instance. Multiple access points are used to provide access to the
file system from different VPCs."
This is clearly wrong. You can have exactly one EFS mount target per subnet (AZ), and of course this mount target can be used by many clients (EC2
instances, containers etc.) - see diagram here for example: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/accessing-fs.html
In my opinion, C and D are equally valid answers.
upvoted 2 times
Salilgen 1 year, 5 months ago
D is not valid answer because "the solution must be highly available" then it must be multi-AZ: every AZ requires a mount target
upvoted 1 times
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon EFS is a fully managed file system service that provides scalable, shared storage for Amazon EC2 instances. It supports the Network File
System version 4 (NFSv4) protocol, which is a native protocol for Linux-based systems. EFS is designed to be highly available, durable, and scalable.
upvoted 9 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A: FSx is a File Server, not a mountable file system
B: EBS can't be mounted on on-prem devices
D: Access points are not same as mount points
C: EFS support multi mount targets and on-prem devices: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/mounting-fs-mount-helper-direct.html
upvoted 3 times
iwannabeawsgod 2 years, 1 month ago
EFS POSIX LINUX
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) with multiple mount targets
upvoted 3 times
boubie44 2 years, 6 months ago
i don't understand why not D?
upvoted 1 times
lucdt4 2 years, 6 months ago
the requirement is mountable by multiple Linux
-> C (multiple mount targets)
upvoted 3 times