A company is conducting an internal audit. The company wants to ensure that the data in an Amazon S3 bucket that is associated
with the company’s AWS Lake Formation data lake does not contain sensitive customer or employee data. The company wants to
discover personally identifiable information (PII) or financial information, including passport numbers and credit card numbers.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure AWS Audit Manager on the account. Select the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS) for
auditing.
B. Configure Amazon S3 Inventory on the S3 bucket Configure Amazon Athena to query the inventory.
C. Configure Amazon Macie to run a data discovery job that uses managed identifiers for the required data types. Most Voted
D. Use Amazon S3 Select to run a report across the S3 bucket.
Comments
elmogy Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
agree with C
upvoted 5 times
Blingy Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Macie = Sensitive PII
upvoted 5 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
PII or sensitive data = Macie
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Configure Amazon Macie to run a data discovery job that uses managed identifiers for the required data types.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon Macie is a data security service that uses machine learning (ML) and pattern matching to discover and help protect your sensitive data.
upvoted 3 times
cloudenthusiast 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon Macie is a service that helps discover, classify, and protect sensitive data stored in AWS. It uses machine learning algorithms and managed
identifiers to detect various types of sensitive information, including personally identifiable information (PII) and financial information. By configuring
Amazon Macie to run a data discovery job with the appropriate managed identifiers for the required data types (such as passport numbers and credi
card numbers), the company can identify and classify any sensitive data present in the S3 bucket.
upvoted 5 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)