A global company runs its applications in multiple AWS accounts in AWS Organizations. The company's applications use multipart
uploads to upload data to multiple Amazon S3 buckets across AWS Regions. The company wants to report on incomplete
multipart uploads for cost compliance purposes.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Configure AWS Config with a rule to report the incomplete multipart upload object count.
B. Create a service control policy (SCP) to report the incomplete multipart upload object count.
C. Configure S3 Storage Lens to report the incomplete multipart upload object count. Most Voted
D. Create an S3 Multi-Region Access Point to report the incomplete multipart upload object count.
Comments
warp Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
S3 storage lenses can be used to find incomplete multipart uploads: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws-cloud-financial-management/discovering-
and-deleting-incomplete-multipart-uploads-to-lower-amazon-s3-costs/
upvoted 7 times
LocNV Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
S3 Storage Lens provides four Cost Efficiency metrics for analyzing incomplete multipart uploads in your S3 buckets. These metrics are free of charge
and automatically configured for all S3 Storage Lens dashboards.
Incomplete Multipart Upload Storage Bytes – The total bytes in scope with incomplete multipart uploads
% Incomplete MPU Bytes – The percentage of bytes in scope that are results of incomplete multipart uploads
Incomplete Multipart Upload Object Count – The number of objects in scope that are incomplete multipart uploads
% Incomplete MPU Objects – The percentage of objects in scope that are incomplete multipart uploads
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws-cloud-financial-management/discovering-and-deleting-incomplete-multipart-uploads-to-lower-amazon-s3-
costs/
upvoted 5 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
ABD cannot do any of this so C is the right product for this use case
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon S3 Storage Lens is a cloud storage analytics solution with support for AWS Organizations to give you organization-wide visibility into object
storage, with point-in-time metrics and trend lines as well as actionable recommendations.
upvoted 4 times
potomac 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
C for sure
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)