A solutions architect is designing an application that will allow business users to upload objects to Amazon S3. The solution needs
to maximize object durability. Objects also must be readily available at any time and for any length of time. Users will access
objects frequently within the first 30 days after the objects are uploaded, but users are much less likely to access objects that are
older than 30 days.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Store all the objects in S3 Standard with an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the objects to S3 Glacier after 30 days.
B. Store all the objects in S3 Standard with an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3
Standard-IA) after 30 days. Most Voted
C. Store all the objects in S3 Standard with an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3
One Zone-IA) after 30 days.
D. Store all the objects in S3 Intelligent-Tiering with an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent
Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days.
Comments
TheLaPlanta Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I believe it's C. The following link mentions One Zone-IA offers 99.999999999% durability. Questions says nothing about HA
upvoted 5 times
Sugarbear_01 Highly Voted 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Minimum Days for Transition to S3 Standard-IA or S3 One Zone-IA
Before you transition objects to S3 Standard-IA or S3 One Zone-IA, you must store them for at least 30 days in Amazon S3. For example, you cannot
create a Lifecycle rule to transition objects to the S3 Standard-IA storage class one day after you create them. Amazon S3 doesn't support this
transition within the first 30 days because newer objects are often accessed more frequently or deleted sooner than is suitable for S3 Standard-IA or
S3 One Zone-IA storage.
Similarly, if you are transitioning noncurrent objects (in versioned buckets), you can transition only objects that are at least 30 days noncurrent to S3
Standard-IA or S3 One Zone-IA storage.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/lifecycle-transition-general-considerations.html
upvoted 5 times
abriggy Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
Answer is B.
C is wrong because one-zone doesn't maximize durability, it compromises it.
upvoted 3 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
No, both Standard-IA and OZ-IA have SAME durability. What differs it the availability.
Durability is calculated based on how many times the data is copied and made redundant, inherently by the service itself. But that redundancy can
be across one building (AZ) or multiple availability zones.
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (74%)
C (26%)
SHAAHIBHUSHANAWS 2 years, 6 months ago
B
Intelligent tiering will automatically transition to S3 One Zone-IA which is not needed for durability.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
'Objects also must be readily available at any time and for any length of time'…definitely option B.
upvoted 3 times
potomac 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is correct
upvoted 2 times
thanhnv142 2 years, 7 months ago
B is correct
C is not correct because data must be durable. C is only for data that can be regenerated.
upvoted 4 times
Xin123 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Durability. Available any time for any duration => B
upvoted 2 times
Devsin2000 2 years, 8 months ago
A
S3 Glacier is most cost effective
upvoted 4 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Between A & B, this is the tie-breaker:
"Objects also must be readily available at any time and for any length of time"
While Glacier IS more cost effective but it won't make the objects readily available at any time for any duration.... this is only possible with IA.
upvoted 2 times
taustin2 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B meets the requirements. No need for intelligent Tiering because of 30 days.
upvoted 2 times