An ecommerce application uses a PostgreSQL database that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. During a monthly sales event,
database usage increases and causes database connection issues for the application. The traffic is unpredictable for subsequent
monthly sales events, which impacts the sales forecast. The company needs to maintain performance when there is an
unpredictable increase in traffic.
Which solution resolves this issue in the MOST cost-effective way?
A. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to Amazon Aurora Serverless v2. Most Voted
B. Enable auto scaling for the PostgreSQL database on the EC2 instance to accommodate increased usage.
C. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL with a larger instance type.
D. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to Amazon Redshift to accommodate increased usage.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer is A.
Aurora Serverless v2 got autoscaling, highly available and cheaper when compared to the other options.
upvoted 8 times
pentium75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Not B - we can auto-scale the EC2 instance, but not "the [self-managed] PostgreSQL database ON the EC2 instance"
Not C - This does not mention scaling, so it would incur high cost and still it might not be able to keep up with the "unpredictable" spikes
Not D - Redshift is OLAP Data Warehouse
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
Amazon Aurora Serverless is an on-demand, auto-scaling configuration for Aurora where the database automatically starts up, shuts down, and
scales capacity up or down based on your application's needs. This is the least costly option for unpredictable traffic.
upvoted 3 times
tabbyDolly 2 years, 2 months ago
A: "he traffic is unpredictable for subsequent monthly sales events" --> serverless
upvoted 3 times
Wayne23Fang 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A is probably more expensive than C. Aurora is serverless and fast. But nevertheless it needs DB migration service. Not sure DMS may not be free.
upvoted 1 times
danielmakita 2 years, 1 month ago
C is more expensive if you think the scenario where the traffic is low. You are paying for a larger hardware but not using it. That's why I think A is
correct.
upvoted 4 times
TiagueteVital 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (95%)
5%
A to autoscaling
upvoted 3 times
manOfThePeople 2 years, 3 months ago
Answer is A.
Aurora Serverless v2 got autoscaling, highly available and cheaper when compared to the other options.
upvoted 2 times
anikety123 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The correct answer is A
upvoted 2 times