A company has multiple AWS accounts for development work. Some staff consistently use oversized Amazon EC2 instances, which
causes the company to exceed the yearly budget for the development accounts. The company wants to centrally restrict the
creation of AWS resources in these accounts.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort?
A. Develop AWS Systems Manager templates that use an approved EC2 creation process. Use the approved Systems Manager
templates to provision EC2 instances.
B. Use AWS Organizations to organize the accounts into organizational units (OUs). Define and attach a service control policy
(SCP) to control the usage of EC2 instance types. Most Voted
C. Configure an Amazon EventBridge rule that invokes an AWS Lambda function when an EC2 instance is created. Stop
disallowed EC2 instance types.
D. Set up AWS Service Catalog products for the staff to create the allowed EC2 instance types. Ensure that staff can deploy EC2
instances only by using the Service Catalog products.
Comments
alexandercamachop Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Anytime you see Multiple AWS Accounts, and needs to consolidate is AWS Organization. Also anytime we need to restrict anything in an
organization, it is SCP policies.
upvoted 9 times
omarshaban Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
IN MY EXAM
upvoted 6 times
Cyberkayu Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B. Multiple AWS account, consolidate under one AWS Organization, top down policy (SCP) to all member account to restrict EC2 Type.
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Use AWS Organizations to organize the accounts into organizational units (OUs). Define and attach a service control policy (SCP) to control the usage
of EC2 instance types.
upvoted 3 times
Ale1973 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
I have a question regarding this answer, what do they mean by "development effort"?:
If they mean the work it takes to implement the solution (using develop as implement), option B achieves the constraint with little administrative
overhead (there is less to do to configure this option).
If by "development effort", they mean less effort for the development team, when development team try to deploy instances and gets errors because
they are not allowed, this generates overhead. In this case the best option is D.
What did you think?
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (93%)
7%
"Development effort" = Develop the solution that the question asks for. We don't care about the developers whose permissions we want to restrict.
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Use AWS Organizations to organize the accounts into organizational units (OUs). Define and attach a service control policy (SCP) to control the usage
of EC2 instance types
upvoted 3 times
Blingy 2 years, 6 months ago
BBBBBBBBB
upvoted 2 times
elmogy 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I would choose B
The other options would require some level of programming or custom resource creation:
A. Developing Systems Manager templates requires development effort
C. Configuring EventBridge rules and Lambda functions requires development effort
D. Creating Service Catalog products requires development effort to define the allowed EC2 configurations.
Option B - Using Organizations service control policies - requires no custom development. It involves:
Organizing accounts into OUs
Creating an SCP that defines allowed/disallowed EC2 instance types
Attaching the SCP to the appropriate OUs
This is a native AWS service with a simple UI for defining and managing policies. No coding or resource creation is needed.
So option B, using Organizations service control policies, will meet the requirements with the least development effort.
upvoted 4 times
cloudenthusiast 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AWS Organizations: AWS Organizations is a service that helps you centrally manage multiple AWS accounts. It enables you to group accounts into
organizational units (OUs) and apply policies across those accounts.
Service Control Policies (SCPs): SCPs in AWS Organizations allow you to define fine-grained permissions and restrictions at the account or OU level.
By attaching an SCP to the development accounts, you can control the creation and usage of EC2 instance types.
Least Development Effort: Option B requires minimal development effort as it leverages the built-in features of AWS Organizations and SCPs. You can
define the SCP to restrict the use of oversized EC2 instance types and apply it to the appropriate OUs or accounts.
upvoted 5 times
Efren 2 years, 6 months ago
B for me as well
upvoted 2 times