A retail company has several businesses. The IT team for each business manages its own AWS account. Each team account is part
of an organization in AWS Organizations. Each team monitors its product inventory levels in an Amazon DynamoDB table in the
team's own AWS account.
The company is deploying a central inventory reporting application into a shared AWS account. The application must be able to
read items from all the teams' DynamoDB tables.
Which authentication option will meet these requirements MOST securely?
A. Integrate DynamoDB with AWS Secrets Manager in the inventory application account. Configure the application to use the
correct secret from Secrets Manager to authenticate and read the DynamoDB table. Schedule secret rotation for every 30 days.
B. In every business account, create an IAM user that has programmatic access. Configure the application to use the correct
IAM user access key ID and secret access key to authenticate and read the DynamoDB table. Manually rotate IAM access keys
every 30 days.
C. In every business account, create an IAM role named BU_ROLE with a policy that gives the role access to the DynamoDB
table and a trust policy to trust a specific role in the inventory application account. In the inventory account, create a role
named APP_ROLE that allows access to the STS AssumeRole API operation. Configure the application to use APP_ROLE and
assume the crossaccount role BU_ROLE to read the DynamoDB table. Most Voted
D. Integrate DynamoDB with AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Generate identity certificates to authenticate DynamoDB.
Configure the application to use the correct certificate to authenticate and read the DynamoDB table.
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 3 years ago
Selected Answer: C
IAM Roles: IAM roles provide a secure way to grant permissions to entities within AWS. By creating an IAM role in each business account named
BU_ROLE with the necessary permissions to access the DynamoDB table, the access can be controlled at the IAM role level.
Cross-Account Access: By configuring a trust policy in the BU_ROLE that trusts a specific role in the inventory application account (APP_ROLE), you
establish a trusted relationship between the two accounts.
Least Privilege: By creating a specific IAM role (BU_ROLE) in each business account and granting it access only to the required DynamoDB table, you
can ensure that each team's table is accessed with the least privilege principle.
Security Token Service (STS): The use of STS AssumeRole API operation in the inventory application account allows the application to assume the
cross-account role (BU_ROLE) in each business account.
upvoted 32 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 10 months ago
Well broken down..thank you :)
upvoted 3 times
MandAsh Highly Voted 1 year, 12 months ago
C because they have taken effort to explain it in details.. lol
upvoted 9 times
Bennyboy789 Most Recent 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Keyword: IAM ROLES
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is the most secure option to meet the requirements.
Using cross-account IAM roles and role chaining allows the inventory application to securely access resources in other accounts. The roles provide
temporary credentials and can be permissions controlled.
upvoted 3 times
hsinchang 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Looks complex, but IAM role seems more probable, I go with C.
upvoted 4 times
mattcl 2 years, 11 months ago
Why not A?
upvoted 3 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
A is wrong because it is incomplete. Just integrating with secrets manager doesn't give any access to DynamoDB.
upvoted 2 times
antropaws 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
It's complex, but looks C.
upvoted 2 times
eehhssaan 3 years ago
i'll go with C .. coming from two minds
upvoted 3 times
nosense 3 years ago
a or c. C looks like a more secure
upvoted 2 times
omoakin 3 years ago
CCCCCCCCCCC
upvoted 2 times