A company migrated millions of archival files to Amazon S3. A solutions architect needs to implement a solution that will encrypt
all the archival data by using a customer-provided key. The solution must encrypt existing unencrypted objects and future objects.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create a list of unencrypted objects by filtering an Amazon S3 Inventory report. Configure an S3 Batch Operations job to
encrypt the objects from the list with a server-side encryption with a customer-provided key (SSE-C). Configure the S3 default
encryption feature to use a server-side encryption with a customer-provided key (SSE-C). Most Voted
B. Use S3 Storage Lens metrics to identify unencrypted S3 buckets. Configure the S3 default encryption feature to use a server-
side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS).
C. Create a list of unencrypted objects by filtering the AWS usage report for Amazon S3. Configure an AWS Batch job to
encrypt the objects from the list with a server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). Configure the S3 default
encryption feature to use a server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS).
D. Create a list of unencrypted objects by filtering the AWS usage report for Amazon S3. Configure the S3 default encryption
feature to use a server-side encryption with a customer-provided key (SSE-C).
Comments
OX_HDR Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A seems correct here.
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/storage/encrypting-objects-with-amazon-s3-batch-operations/
upvoted 9 times
BillaRanga Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
S3 inventory list has "Encryption status" field so you can use this to filter the unencrypted objects. and use S3 batch to encrypt it with SSE-C key.
AWS Usage report does not provide details about encryption status of individual objects
upvoted 9 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
As stated, "by using a customer-provided key", which rules out B & C.
Option A uses 3 thingies:
1. S3 Inventory - Provides a native way to generate a list of unencrypted objects, making it scalable for millions of objects.
2. S3 Batch Operations - Encrypts existing objects efficiently.
3. S3 Default Encryption - Ensures future objects are automatically encrypted (with SSE-C).
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AnswerA
upvoted 2 times
ike001 1 year, 12 months ago
A is the answer
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
upvoted 2 times
jaswantn 2 years, 4 months ago
option B.... S3 Inventory report to check for unencrypted objects in s3 and then using Batch operation.
upvoted 1 times
mestule 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The solution must encrypt existing unencrypted objects. Batch will do that.
upvoted 5 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option B
upvoted 1 times
sk1974 1 year, 3 months ago
Need to use customer provided keys.So , B cannot be the answer
upvoted 1 times