A consulting company provides professional services to customers worldwide. The company provides solutions and tools for
customers to expedite gathering and analyzing data on AWS. The company needs to centrally manage and deploy a common set
of solutions and tools for customers to use for self-service purposes.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create AWS CloudFormation templates for the customers.
B. Create AWS Service Catalog products for the customers. Most Voted
C. Create AWS Systems Manager templates for the customers.
D. Create AWS Config items for the customers.
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
AWS Service Catalog allows you to create and manage catalogs of IT services that can be deployed within your organization. With Service Catalog,
you can define a standardized set of products (solutions and tools in this case) that customers can self-service provision. By creating Service Catalog
products, you can control and enforce the deployment of approved and validated solutions and tools.
upvoted 10 times
Oblako 2 years, 6 months ago
"within your organization" => not for customers
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
for this use case, in order to access the self-service functions, customers must have some form of AWS identities (e.g. accounts, users, user groups
or roles) already setup in the service provider's AWS organisation.
upvoted 1 times
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Some key advantages of using Service Catalog:
Centralized management - Products can be maintained in a single catalog for easy discovery and governance.
Self-service access - Customers can deploy the solutions on their own without manual intervention.
Standardization - Products provide pre-defined templates for consistent deployment.
Access control - Granular permissions can be applied to restrict product visibility and access.
Reporting - Service Catalog provides detailed analytics on product usage and deployments.
upvoted 5 times
hsinchang Most Recent 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
CloudFormation: a code as infrastructure service
Systems Manager: management solution for resources
Config: assess, audit and evaluate configurations
Other options does not fit this scenario.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
AWS Service Catalog lets you centrally manage your cloud resources to achieve governance at scale of your infrastructure as code (IaC) templates,
written in CloudFormation or Terraform. With AWS Service Catalog, you can meet your compliance requirements while making sure your customers
can quickly deploy the cloud resources they need.
https://aws.amazon.com/servicecatalog/#:~:text=How%20it%20works-,AWS%20Service%20Catalog,-lets%20you%20centrally
upvoted 2 times
Yadav_Sanjay 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/servicecatalog/latest/adminguide/introduction.html
upvoted 3 times