A company has a web application that runs on premises. The application experiences latency issues during peak hours. The latency
issues occur twice each month. At the start of a latency issue, the application's CPU utilization immediately increases to 10 times
its normal amount.
The company wants to migrate the application to AWS to improve latency. The company also wants to scale the application
automatically when application demand increases. The company will use AWS Elastic Beanstalk for application deployment.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure an Elastic Beanstalk environment to use burstable performance instances in unlimited mode. Configure the
environment to scale based on requests. Most Voted
B. Configure an Elastic Beanstalk environment to use compute optimized instances. Configure the environment to scale based
on requests.
C. Configure an Elastic Beanstalk environment to use compute optimized instances. Configure the environment to scale on a
schedule.
D. Configure an Elastic Beanstalk environment to use burstable performance instances in unlimited mode. Configure the
environment to scale on predictive metrics.
Comments
pentium75 Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
"Scale on predictive metrics" does not sound like something that Beanstalk can do. In EC2 you can create a "predictive scaling policy", but apparently
this is not supported by Beanstalk. That would rule out D.
We have no indication that the application is CPU-intensive in general. If CPU utilization "increases to 10 times its normal amount" then the "normal
amount" cannot be higher than 10 %. This would rule out B and C.
upvoted 11 times
LemonGremlin Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Burstable Performance Instances (T3 or T3a): These instances are designed for burstable workloads and provide a baseline level of CPU performance
with the ability to burst above that baseline when needed. Bursting is particularly beneficial for handling sudden spikes in CPU utilization, such as
those described in the scenario.
Unlimited Mode: Enabling "unlimited" mode allows instances to burst beyond their baseline performance without accumulating CPU credits. This is
important for handling sudden and sustained increases in CPU utilization during peak hours.
Scale on Predictive Metrics: Configuring the environment to scale on predictive metrics allows AWS Elastic Beanstalk to proactively adjust the numbe
of instances based on anticipated demand. This can help ensure that the environment is scaled up before the latency issues occur, addressing them
in advance.
upvoted 10 times
ftaws 2 years, 5 months ago
Traffic is "immediately increases". We can't predict and can not use Predictive Metrics.
And requirement need auto scaling
upvoted 2 times
e10c971 Most Recent 6 months ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (63%)
D (34%)
3%
Selected Answer: B
From AI Why B is correct
Compute optimized instances (C family) are designed for CPU-intensive workloads, which is exactly the problem here (CPU spikes 10x during peak).
Scaling based on requests (or CPU utilization) ensures the environment automatically adds instances when demand increases, eliminating latency
during peak hours.
Elastic Beanstalk supports Auto Scaling policies based on metrics like CPU or request count.
upvoted 1 times
Salilgen 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
IMO answer is A.
"The Auto Scaling group uses two Amazon CloudWatch alarms to trigger scaling operations. The default triggers scale when the average outbound
network traffic from each instance is higher than 6 MiB or lower than 2 MiB over a period of five minutes. To use Auto Scaling effectively, configure
triggers that are appropriate for your application, instance type, and service requirements. You can scale based on several statistics including latency,
disk I/O, CPU utilization, and request count."
This is dynamic scaling.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/burstable-performance-instances.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/using-features-managing-env-types.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/using-features.managing.as.html
upvoted 1 times
3c6417b 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
Explain to me why it's not B?
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
B is incorrect because CPU usage percentage rising does not necessarily have anything to do with computing methods. Especially during peak
hours, the jobs are coming in hot, but it's quite possible that each job can be done within seconds. It's just too many jobs, and that's not something
compute optimized instances can tackle.
upvoted 1 times
Gape4 1 year, 11 months ago
I have the same question.
upvoted 1 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
D - No such service as Elastic Beanstalk Predictive Scaling, And even if there was, no historical data in AWS for an application we are just about to
migrate to AWS. Therefore: A
upvoted 6 times
lenotc 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
D is incorrect Predictive scaling not fit
upvoted 3 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
For those voting D, predictive scaling analyses historic data to predict the scaling needs. This scenario is a migration scenario so there won't be any
historic data which is why D won't work. A (burst) is the only option after migration.
upvoted 5 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
BC are compute optimised instances which don't solve 10x CPU issues at start of the latency.
AD are burstable performance which will help with 10x increase CPU usage
D is not an available feature of Elastic Beanstalk (yet) or I cannot find it in config/docs. Happy to be corrected
A makes sense due to burst performance. Scale based on requests is possible and I'm assuming that latency is related to requests.
upvoted 6 times
1rob 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Following https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/using-features.managing.as.html I see: " You can scale based on several statistics
including latency, disk I/O, CPU utilization, and request count. " So no 'scale on predictive metrics, so D is not okay.
Also, the company also wants to scale the application automatically when application demand increases, so scale on a schedule is not appropriate
here. So C is not okay.
Burstable performance instances in unlimited mode can sustain high CPU utilization for any period of time whenever required, so an immediate
demand of CPU resources is 'covered'. So I go for A.
upvoted 4 times
Min_93 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Option A, which suggests using burstable performance instances in unlimited mode, is appropriate. However, option D is more specific to the
requirement of scaling based on predictive metrics, which is crucial for handling the latency issues that occur at specific times each month.
Options B and C suggest using compute optimized instances and scaling based on requests or on a schedule. While these options might work for
general scalability, they may not address the immediate and intense spikes in CPU utilization that are mentioned in the scenario.
Therefore, option D is the most appropriate solution for improving latency and automatically scaling the application based on predictive metrics
using AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
upvoted 4 times
evelynsun 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
This solution meets the requirements because it allows the company to automatically scale the application's CPU capacity based on the number of
requests it receives. The burstable performance instances provide high CPU performance when needed, which can help to reduce latency during
peak hours.
not D: this solution has some drawbacks. First, it can be expensive to use burstable performance instances in unlimited mode, as the instances are
charged per hour. Second, it can be difficult to predict the exact CPU requirements of the application, which can lead to over- or under-provisioning
of CPU resources.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The company also wants to scale the application automatically when application demand increases = Scale based on requests
upvoted 3 times
SHAAHIBHUSHANAWS 2 years, 6 months ago
B
Question is asking scale based on demand so better scale based on requests. Predictive metrics not defined and may be interpreted differently by
many users.
upvoted 3 times
reika1914 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Given the scenario described, the best solution among the provided options to meet the requirements of migrating the application to AWS,
improving latency, and scaling the application automatically during increased demand would be:
D. Configure an Elastic Beanstalk environment to use burstable performance instances in unlimited mode. Configure the environment to scale on
predictive metrics.
upvoted 2 times
t0nx 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
In this scenario, the application experiences latency issues during peak hours with a sudden increase in CPU utilization. Using burstable performance
instances in unlimited mode allows the application to burst beyond the baseline performance when needed. Configuring the environment to scale on
predictive metrics enables proactive scaling based on anticipated increases in demand.
upvoted 4 times