A company wants to rearchitect a large-scale web application to a serverless microservices architecture. The application uses
Amazon EC2 instances and is written in Python.
The company selected one component of the web application to test as a microservice. The component supports hundreds of
requests each second. The company wants to create and test the microservice on an AWS solution that supports Python. The
solution must also scale automatically and require minimal infrastructure and minimal operational support.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use a Spot Fleet with auto scaling of EC2 instances that run the most recent Amazon Linux operating system.
B. Use an AWS Elastic Beanstalk web server environment that has high availability configured.
C. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). Launch Auto Scaling groups of self-managed EC2 instances.
D. Use an AWS Lambda function that runs custom developed code. Most Voted
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Lambda looks like a better option
upvoted 11 times
Typewriter101 Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Lambda
serverless, scalable, minimal infrastructure, handling hundreds of requests per second
upvoted 8 times
ln2718 Most Recent 9 months, 3 weeks ago
Selected Answer: B
The question does not consider if the transaction would take less than 15 minutes in which case D is a failure. Answer B would be the ideal choice
without this information, though it would require slightly more effort
upvoted 1 times
asosa_adorati 11 months, 3 weeks ago
Selected Answer: D
D is the only solution...it is requiring a serveles solution...AWS Lambda is
upvoted 1 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
A: auto-scaling of EC2 instances - Lot of overhead + Infra
B: The company selected one component of the web application to test as a microservice. The component supports hundreds of requests each
second. > lastic Beanstalk is a bad choice if you need worker processes. The whole point of a worker process is to perform a task in the background
without slowing down your main web app. But Elastic Beanstalk doesn't support this option in a scalable way.
Also, they want to test just 1 selected microservice and I think it's a bit of overkill to do it using Elastic Beanstalk. Happy to be challenged though!
C: self-managed EC2 instances > infra + operational overhead
D: Lambda supports Python, microservice should be quicker than 15 mins, worst case scenario the test will fail.. (that's the purpose tests are
conducted for anyway..)
I'd go for D
upvoted 5 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (82%)
Other
gsgdga 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
microservice => EKS, ECS
upvoted 1 times
LuongTo 1 year, 7 months ago
containerized application then go with EKS, ECS is absolutely yes, but there would be more solution for microservices e.g. lambda
upvoted 2 times
alawada 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is the correct answer. The best way to deploy microservice is to use container-based service
upvoted 1 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
"Maintain nodes yourself with self-managed nodes"
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/worker.html
upvoted 1 times
dkw2342 2 years, 2 months ago
Microservices doesn't automatically mean ECS or EKS. Read the question again: "Serverless" clearly contradicts "self-managed EC2 instances".
D is the only option that fits the criteria.
upvoted 2 times
rubiteb 2 years, 3 months ago
Best answer is C.
The application is a large-scale we app as mentioned in the question.
upvoted 1 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
You cannot have 'minimal infrastructure and minimal operational support' with 'Auto Scaling groups of self-managed EC2 instances.'
upvoted 2 times
rubiteb 2 years, 3 months ago
I mean B for Elastic Beans Stalk not C. EBS is the best solution for running large-scale application.
upvoted 1 times
Umuntu 2 years, 4 months ago
C is the correct answer. The best way to deploy microservice is to use container-based service such as EKS or ECS. So C is great
upvoted 3 times
Typewriter101 2 years, 3 months ago
Using ECS or EKS involves managing cluster and ec2 which will increase the infrastructure and operational overhead compared to lambda which is
serverless.
upvoted 2 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
EBS for minimal infra maintenance
upvoted 1 times