A data analytics company wants to migrate its batch processing system to AWS. The company receives thousands of small data
files periodically during the day through FTP. An on-premises batch job processes the data files overnight. However, the batch job
takes hours to finish running.
The company wants the AWS solution to process incoming data files as soon as possible with minimal changes to the FTP clients
that send the files. The solution must delete the incoming data files after the files have been processed successfully. Processing for
each file needs to take 3-8 minutes.
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way?
A. Use an Amazon EC2 instance that runs an FTP server to store incoming files as objects in Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible
Retrieval. Configure a job queue in AWS Batch. Use Amazon EventBridge rules to invoke the job to process the objects nightly
from S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. Delete the objects after the job has processed the objects.
B. Use an Amazon EC2 instance that runs an FTP server to store incoming files on an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
volume. Configure a job queue in AWS Batch. Use Amazon EventBridge rules to invoke the job to process the files nightly from
the EBS volume. Delete the files after the job has processed the files.
C. Use AWS Transfer Family to create an FTP server to store incoming files on an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
volume. Configure a job queue in AWS Batch. Use an Amazon S3 event notification when each file arrives to invoke the job in
AWS Batch. Delete the files after the job has processed the files.
D. Use AWS Transfer Family to create an FTP server to store incoming files in Amazon S3 Standard. Create an AWS Lambda
function to process the files and to delete the files after they are processed. Use an S3 event notification to invoke the Lambda
function when the files arrive. Most Voted
Comments
pentium75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Obviously we choose AWS Transfer Family over hosting the FTP server ourselves on an EC2 instance. And "process incoming data files as soon as
possible" -> trigger Lambda when files arrive. Lambda functions can run up to 15 minutes, it takes "3-8 minutes" per file -> works.
AWS Batch just schedules jobs, but these still need to run somewhere (Lambda, Fargate, EC2).
upvoted 5 times
wizcloudifa 1 year, 7 months ago
well if you opt for unmanaged compute option in AWS Batch in that case you dont have to worry about the compute, AWS batch automatically
provisions it for you
upvoted 2 times
wsdasdasdqwdaw Most Recent 2 years, 1 month ago
FTP => AWS Transfer Family, => C or D, but in C is used EBS not S3 which needs EC2 and in general is more complex => very clear D.
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
The key points:
Use AWS Transfer Family for the FTP server to receive files directly into S3. This avoids managing FTP servers.
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (96%)
4%
Process each file as soon as it arrives using Lambda triggered by S3 events. Lambda provides fast processing time per file.
Lambda can also delete files after processing succeeds.
Options A, B, C involve more operational overhead of managing FTP servers and batch jobs. Processing latency would be higher waiting for batch
windows.
Storing files in Glacier (Option A) adds latency for retrieving files.
upvoted 2 times
hsinchang 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Processing for each file needs to take 3-8 minutes clearly indicates Lambda functions.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Process incoming data files with minimal changes to the FTP clients that send the files = AWS Transfer Family.
Process incoming data files as soon as possible = S3 event notification.
Processing for each file needs to take 3-8 minutes = AWS Lambda function.
Delete file after processing = AWS Lambda function.
upvoted 4 times
antropaws 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Most likely D.
upvoted 2 times
r3mo 2 years, 6 months ago
"D" Since each file takes 3-8 minutes to process the lambda function can process the data file whitout a problem.
upvoted 2 times
maver144 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
You cannot setup AWS Transfer Family to save files into EBS.
upvoted 3 times
oras2023 2 years, 5 months ago
https://aws.amazon.com/aws-transfer-family/
upvoted 2 times
secdgs 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D. Because
1. process immediate when file transfer to S3 not wait for process several file in one time.
2. takes 3-8 can use Lamda.
C. Wrong because AWS Batch is use for run large-scale or large amount of data in one time.
upvoted 2 times
Aymanovitchy 2 years, 6 months ago
To meet the requirements of processing incoming data files as soon as possible with minimal changes to the FTP clients, and deleting the files after
successful processing, the most operationally efficient solution would be:
D. Use AWS Transfer Family to create an FTP server to store incoming files in Amazon S3 Standard. Create an AWS Lambda function to process the
files and delete them after processing. Use an S3 event notification to invoke the Lambda function when the files arrive.
upvoted 2 times
bajwa360 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
It should be D as lambda is more operationally viable solution given the fact each processing takes 3-8 minutes that lambda can handle
upvoted 2 times
alexandercamachop 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Answer has to be between C or D.
Because Transfer Family is obvious do to FTP.
Now i would go with C because it uses AWS Batch, which makes more sense for Batch processing rather then AWS Lambda.
upvoted 1 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Also Batch just triggers jobs, they still need to run somewhere (like in Lambda).
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Why? "Process incoming data files as soon as possible", by triggering the Lambda function when files arrive. Batch is for scheduled jobs.
upvoted 2 times
Bill1000 2 years, 6 months ago
I am between C and D. My reason is:
"The company wants the AWS solution to process incoming data files <b>as soon as possible</b> with minimal changes to the FTP clients that send
the files."
upvoted 3 times