A company has an on-premises MySQL database that handles transactional data. The company is migrating the database to the
AWS Cloud. The migrated database must maintain compatibility with the company's applications that use the database. The
migrated database also must scale automatically during periods of increased demand.
Which migration solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use native MySQL tools to migrate the database to Amazon RDS for MySQL. Configure elastic storage scaling.
B. Migrate the database to Amazon Redshift by using the mysqldump utility. Turn on Auto Scaling for the Amazon Redshift
cluster.
C. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate the database to Amazon Aurora. Turn on Aurora Auto Scaling.
Most Voted
D. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate the database to Amazon DynamoDB. Configure an Auto
Scaling policy.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The key reasons are:
DMS provides an easy migration path from MySQL to Aurora while minimizing downtime.
Aurora is a MySQL-compatible relational database service that will maintain compatibility with the company's applications.
Aurora Auto Scaling allows the database to automatically scale up and down based on demand to handle increased workloads.
RDS MySQL (Option A) does not scale as well as the Aurora architecture.
Redshift (Option B) is for analytics, not transactional data, and may not be compatible.
DynamoDB (Option D) is a NoSQL datastore and lacks MySQL compatibility.
upvoted 9 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A is wrong as you cannot use native MySQL tools for migration. Happy to be corrected though!
B Redshift is not compatible with MySQL
D is DynamoDB
C Aurora MySQL is compatible and supports auto scaling
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
on-premises MySQL database, transactional data, maintain compatibility, scale automatically = Amazon Aurora
migrating the database to the AWS Cloud = AWS Database Migration Service
upvoted 2 times
potomac 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
Aurora is a MySQL-compatible relational database service
upvoted 2 times
mrsoa 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
Aurora is better in autoscaling then RDS
upvoted 2 times
Bmaster 2 years, 4 months ago
C is correct
A is incorrect. RDS for MySQL does not scale automatically during periods of increased demand.
B is incorrect. Redshift is used for data sharing purposes.
D is incorrect. you muse change application codes.
upvoted 2 times
Eminenza22 2 years, 4 months ago
Amazon RDS now supports Storage Auto Scaling
upvoted 2 times