A company uses AWS Organizations with resources tagged by account. The company also uses AWS Backup to back up its AWS
infrastructure resources. The company needs to back up all AWS resources.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use AWS Config to identify all untagged resources. Tag the identified resources programmatically. Use tags in the backup
plan. Most Voted
B. Use AWS Config to identify all resources that are not running. Add those resources to the backup vault.
C. Require all AWS account owners to review their resources to identify the resources that need to be backed up.
D. Use Amazon Inspector to identify all noncompliant resources.
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 3 years ago
Selected Answer: A
This solution allows you to leverage AWS Config to identify any untagged resources within your AWS Organizations accounts. Once identified, you
can programmatically apply the necessary tags to indicate the backup requirements for each resource. By using tags in the backup plan
configuration, you can ensure that only the tagged resources are included in the backup process, reducing operational overhead and ensuring all
necessary resources are backed up.
upvoted 5 times
Gape4 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
I will go for A. C and D doesn't make sense. B- resources not running? No
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Use AWS config to deploy the tag rule and remediate resources that are not compliant.
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
This option has the least operational overhead:
AWS Config continuously evaluates resource configurations and can identify untagged resources
Resources can be programmatically tagged via the AWS SDK based on Config data
Backup plans can use tag criteria to automatically back up newly tagged resources
No manual review or resource discovery needed
upvoted 4 times
Bill1000 3 years ago
Selected Answer: A
Vote A
upvoted 3 times
nosense 3 years ago
Selected Answer: A
a valid for me
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
upvoted 4 times