A company wants to provide users with access to AWS resources. The company has 1,500 users and manages their access to on-
premises resources through Active Directory user groups on the corporate network. However, the company does not want users
to have to maintain another identity to access the resources. A solutions architect must manage user access to the AWS resources
while preserving access to the on-premises resources.
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Create an IAM user for each user in the company. Attach the appropriate policies to each user.
B. Use Amazon Cognito with an Active Directory user pool. Create roles with the appropriate policies attached.
C. Define cross-account roles with the appropriate policies attached. Map the roles to the Active Directory groups.
D. Configure Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) 2 0-based federation. Create roles with the appropriate policies
attached Map the roles to the Active Directory groups. Most Voted
Comments
pentium75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Though you can federate Cognito with Active Directory, Cognito is for providing access to your own applications, NOT to AWS Resources.
upvoted 11 times
tsdsmth Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
While Amazon Cognito can integrate with Active Directory, it is more focused on providing identity management for mobile and web applications. In
this scenario, where the primary concern is integrating with existing on-premises resources, using SAML-based federation with IAM roles is more
appropriate.
upvoted 8 times
Salilgen Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/aws-federated-authentication-with-active-directory-federation-services-ad-fs/
B is wrong because user pool is in Cognito not in Active Directory
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-set-up-amazon-cognito-for-federated-authentication-using-azure-ad/
upvoted 1 times
sangavi_vijay 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
why its not b?
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
Use Amazon Cognito via SAML integration. (SAML) is an open federation standard that allows an identity provider (for this case on-prem AD) to
authenticate users and pass identity and security information about them to a service provider (for this case AWS).
I will settle for D, because this is definitely required for this to work.
upvoted 5 times
NickGordon 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (89%)
11%
D.
An Amazon Cognito user pool is a user directory for WEB and MOBILE app authentication and authorization. So it is not a best option for corporate
users.
upvoted 3 times
potomac 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
I think it is D
upvoted 2 times
ahlofan 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
Access to Aws resource -> cognito, then use iam role
SAML or AD -> identity pool
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Cognito is for app users, to authenticate users accessing your apps. Cognito is NOT for granting access to AWS resources.
upvoted 3 times
dilaaziz 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
https://aws.amazon.com/identity/saml/
upvoted 2 times