An ecommerce company runs its application on AWS. The application uses an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL cluster in Multi-AZ
mode for the underlying database. During a recent promotional campaign, the application experienced heavy read load and write
load. Users experienced timeout issues when they attempted to access the application.
A solutions architect needs to make the application architecture more scalable and highly available.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST downtime?
A. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule that has the Aurora cluster as a source. Create an AWS Lambda function to log the state
change events of the Aurora cluster. Add the Lambda function as a target for the EventBridge rule. Add additional reader
nodes to fail over to.
B. Modify the Aurora cluster and activate the zero-downtime restart (ZDR) feature. Use Database Activity Streams on the
cluster to track the cluster status.
C. Add additional reader instances to the Aurora cluster. Create an Amazon RDS Proxy target group for the Aurora cluster.
Most Voted
D. Create an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cache. Replicate data from the Aurora cluster to Redis by using AWS Database
Migration Service (AWS DMS) with a write-around approach.
Comments
Marunio Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Only C is real viable option - Adding Reader replica for handling Read load and RDS Proxy for connections.
upvoted 7 times
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
I would go for option C
upvoted 5 times
sk1974 Most Recent 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is the most applicable among the 4 available options.
upvoted 1 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C - Explanation below:
upvoted 2 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
A - "Lambda function to log state changes" - doesn't help with read/write load.
B - ZDR applies to restarts that Aurora performs automatically to resolve error conditions: doesn't help with read/write load.
D - Write-around approach: data is always written to the database and the data that is read goes to the cache. Doesn't help with read/write load.
C - CORRECT. Even though it doesn't address "write operations", Aurora Replicas to offload read workloads from the primary DB instance. Amazon
RDS Proxy allows applications to pool and share connections established with the database, improving database efficiency and application scalability
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
upvoted 4 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC.
Proxy should help with the problem
upvoted 2 times
alawada 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
RDX proxy to handle timeout issue
upvoted 2 times
xBUGx 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I go with C bc there is no better option
upvoted 4 times
jaswantn 2 years, 4 months ago
RDX proxy to handle timeout issue. option C
upvoted 2 times