A company is building a shopping application on AWS. The application offers a catalog that changes once each month and needs
to scale with traffic volume. The company wants the lowest possible latency from the application. Data from each user's shopping
cart needs to be highly available. User session data must be available even if the user is disconnected and reconnects.
What should a solutions architect do to ensure that the shopping cart data is preserved at all times?
A. Configure an Application Load Balancer to enable the sticky sessions feature (session affinity) for access to the catalog in
Amazon Aurora.
B. Configure Amazon ElastiCache for Redis to cache catalog data from Amazon DynamoDB and shopping cart data from the
user's session. Most Voted
C. Configure Amazon OpenSearch Service to cache catalog data from Amazon DynamoDB and shopping cart data from the
user's session.
D. Configure an Amazon EC2 instance with Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) storage for the catalog and shopping
cart. Configure automated snapshots.
Comments
Tanidanindo Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
• ElastiCache is a managed in-memory data store service that is well-suited for managing session data in a distributed architecture.
upvoted 5 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
User session data must be available even if the user is disconnected and reconnects.
Choose ElastiCache for Redis. That remains true for so many similar questions.
upvoted 1 times
RC6 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B looks correct
upvoted 2 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
why not A?
upvoted 3 times
24b2e9e 1 year, 11 months ago
because data to store(cache) will be bigger in size
upvoted 2 times
knben 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
session data must be available even if the user is disconnected and reconnects -> ElastiCache for Redis
upvoted 2 times
1Alpha1 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
*B*: ELB <--> ASG <--> ElastiCache <--> DynamoDB
upvoted 3 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
B looks correct
upvoted 4 times