A financial services company wants to shut down two data centers and migrate more than 100 TB of data to AWS. The data has an
intricate directory structure with millions of small files stored in deep hierarchies of subfolders. Most of the data is unstructured,
and the company’s file storage consists of SMB-based storage types from multiple vendors. The company does not want to
change its applications to access the data after migration.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use AWS Direct Connect to migrate the data to Amazon S3.
B. Use AWS DataSync to migrate the data to Amazon FSx for Lustre.
C. Use AWS DataSync to migrate the data to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server. Most Voted
D. Use AWS Direct Connect to migrate the data on-premises file storage to an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway.
Comments
Sivaeas Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS DataSync is a data transfer service that simplifies, automates, and accelerates moving and replicating data between on-premises storage
systems and AWS storage services over the internet or AWS Direct Connect. DataSync can transfer your file data, and also file system metadata such
as ownership, time stamps, and access permissions.
In DataSync, a location for Amazon FSx for Windows is an endpoint for an FSx for Windows File Server. You can transfer files between a location for
Amazon FSx for Windows and a location for other file systems. For information, see Working with Locations in the AWS DataSync User Guide.
DataSync accesses your FSx for Windows File Server using the Server Message Block (SMB) protocol.
upvoted 6 times
aditianand 2 years ago
Does Fsx support SMB? I read prior posts that it only ONTAP supports SMB
upvoted 1 times
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option C
upvoted 6 times
Scheldon Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC
upvoted 2 times
Linuslin 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS Storage Gateway provides a standard set of storage protocols such as iSCSI, SMB, and NFS, which allow you to use AWS storage without
rewriting your existing applications.--->A is not complete describe, so A is out.
https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/faqs/?nc=sn&loc=6
Only FSx for NetApp ONTAP and FSx for Windows File Server support SMB Protocol. --->B is out.
https://aws.amazon.com/tw/fsx/when-to-choose-fsx/
AWS Direct Connect is more expensive than AWS DataSync.--->D is out
C is the correct answer.
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
upvoted 2 times
Naveena_Devanga 2 years, 3 months ago
Correct Anwer is C
As most of the data is unstructured, and the company’s file storage consists of SMB-based storage types from multiple vendors which is commonly a
Windows-Linux file-sharing type so FSx for Windows File Server file systems completely meets the solution.
upvoted 3 times
ogerber 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Option C since its SMB (windows) , and low operational effort so DataSync over Direct Connect
upvoted 4 times
osmk 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/datasync/latest/userguide/create-fsx-location.html
upvoted 3 times