A company is using an Application Load Balancer (ALB) to present its application to the internet. The company finds abnormal
traffic access patterns across the application. A solutions architect needs to improve visibility into the infrastructure to help the
company understand these abnormalities better.
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements?
A. Create a table in Amazon Athena for AWS CloudTrail logs. Create a query for the relevant information.
B. Enable ALB access logging to Amazon S3. Create a table in Amazon Athena, and query the logs. Most Voted
C. Enable ALB access logging to Amazon S3. Open each file in a text editor, and search each line for the relevant information.
D. Use Amazon EMR on a dedicated Amazon EC2 instance to directly query the ALB to acquire traffic access log information.
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
B is the correct answer
upvoted 11 times
Marunio Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - Cloudtrail is for API Calls and changes on AWS account.
B - Going for athena in S3. - Correct
C - Manual work
D - Distractor
upvoted 9 times
Salilgen Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-access-logs.html
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer B
upvoted 2 times
Naveena_Devanga 2 years, 3 months ago
B -
Amazon Athena is an interactive query service that makes it easy to analyze data directly in Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) using
standard SQL.
upvoted 5 times
c48b4e2 2 years, 3 months ago
Why there is a "Correct answer" (the green bordered one) at all while most of the time the community thinks (correctly) otherwise?
upvoted 2 times
betttty 2 years, 4 months ago
why not A?
upvoted 3 times
Kezuko 2 years, 2 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
Access logs is an optional feature of Elastic Load Balancing that is disabled by default
upvoted 3 times