A company is making a prototype of the infrastructure for its new website by manually provisioning the necessary infrastructure.
This infrastructure includes an Auto Scaling group, an Application Load Balancer and an Amazon RDS database. After the
configuration has been thoroughly validated, the company wants the capability to immediately deploy the infrastructure for
development and production use in two Availability Zones in an automated fashion.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
A. Use AWS Systems Manager to replicate and provision the prototype infrastructure in two Availability Zones
B. Define the infrastructure as a template by using the prototype infrastructure as a guide. Deploy the infrastructure with AWS
CloudFormation. Most Voted
C. Use AWS Config to record the inventory of resources that are used in the prototype infrastructure. Use AWS Config to
deploy the prototype infrastructure into two Availability Zones.
D. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk and configure it to use an automated reference to the prototype infrastructure to automatically
deploy new environments in two Availability Zones.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Just Think Infrastructure as Code=== Cloud Formation
upvoted 9 times
MatAlves Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The difference between CloudFormation and Beanstalk might be trick, but just for the exam think:
Cloudformation -> Infra as Code
Beanstalk -> deploy and manage applications
upvoted 6 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 6 months ago
That's right. And I think you've voted for A by mistake. I think you wanna vote for B ;)
upvoted 1 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A: Wrong product
C: Wrong product
D: EBS can only handle EC2 so RDS won't be replicated automatically
B: CloudFormation = IaaC
upvoted 4 times
capino 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Just Think Infrastructure as Code=== Cloud Formation
upvoted 5 times
haoAWS 2 years, 11 months ago
Why D is not correct?
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (81%)
A (19%)
Kiki_Pass 2 years, 10 months ago
I guess it's because Beanstalk is PaaS (platform as a service) while CloudFormation is IaC (infrastructure as code). The question emphasis more on
infrastructure
upvoted 3 times
wRhlH 2 years, 11 months ago
I guess "TEMPLATE" leads to CloudFormation
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Infrastructure as code = AWS CloudFormation
upvoted 5 times
antropaws 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
Clearly B.
upvoted 3 times
Felix_br 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
AWS CloudFormation is a service that allows you to define and provision infrastructure as code. This means that you can create a template that
describes the resources you want to create, and then use CloudFormation to deploy those resources in an automated fashion.
In this case, the solutions architect should define the infrastructure as a template by using the prototype infrastructure as a guide. The template
should include resources for an Auto Scaling group, an Application Load Balancer, and an Amazon RDS database. Once the template is created, the
solutions architect can use CloudFormation to deploy the infrastructure in two Availability Zones.
upvoted 4 times
omoakin 3 years ago
B
Define the infrastructure as a template by using the prototype infrastructure as a guide. Deploy the infrastructure with AWS CloudFormation
upvoted 2 times
nosense 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
b obvious
upvoted 5 times