A company runs container applications by using Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) and the Kubernetes Horizontal
Pod Autoscaler. The workload is not consistent throughout the day. A solutions architect notices that the number of nodes does
not automatically scale out when the existing nodes have reached maximum capacity in the cluster, which causes performance
issues.
Which solution will resolve this issue with the LEAST administrative overhead?
A. Scale out the nodes by tracking the memory usage.
B. Use the Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler to manage the number of nodes in the cluster. Most Voted
C. Use an AWS Lambda function to resize the EKS cluster automatically.
D. Use an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to distribute the workload.
Comments
FlyingHawk 1 year, 5 months ago
I think the better solution now is using Karpenter or turn on EKS Auto mode
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/autoscaling.html
upvoted 1 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Refer to
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/109702-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AnswerB
Using of Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler seems to be the best solution here
upvoted 2 times
alawada 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
When the workload increases and existing nodes reach maximum capacity, the Cluster Autoscaler detects the need for additional nodes and requests
them from the underlying AWS infrastructure.
upvoted 2 times
osmk 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Bcorrect
upvoted 2 times
Naveena_Devanga 2 years, 3 months ago
B is the correct answer. The Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler automatically adjusts the number of nodes in your cluster when pods fail or are
rescheduled onto other nodes. The Cluster Autoscaler uses Auto Scaling groups
upvoted 4 times
jaswantn 2 years, 4 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
option B.
upvoted 2 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler looks correct
upvoted 4 times