An ecommerce company wants a disaster recovery solution for its Amazon RDS DB instances that run Microsoft SQL Server
Enterprise Edition. The company's current recovery point objective (RPO) and recovery time objective (RTO) are 24 hours.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Create a cross-Region read replica and promote the read replica to the primary instance.
B. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to create RDS cross-Region replication.
C. Use cross-Region replication every 24 hours to copy native backups to an Amazon S3 bucket.
D. Copy automatic snapshots to another Region every 24 hours. Most Voted
Comments
TiagueteVital Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Snapshots are always a cost-efficience way to have a DR plan.
upvoted 5 times
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Cross region data transfer is billable so think of smallest amount of data to transfer every 24 hours
upvoted 5 times
MatAlves Most Recent 1 year, 8 months ago
A, B, C => cross-region $$
D => copy snapshots -> most cost-effectively.
upvoted 2 times
emakid 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Option D: Copy automatic snapshots to another Region every 24 hours.
Explanation: This option involves copying RDS automatic snapshots to another Region. It is a straightforward way to ensure that snapshots are
available in the event of a disaster. Since RDS snapshots are typically incremental and copied periodically, this solution matches the 24-hour RPO
requirement effectively and is cost-effective compared to maintaining constant cross-Region replication.
upvoted 2 times
potomac 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Amazon RDS creates and saves automated backups of your DB instance or Multi-AZ DB cluster during the backup window of your DB instance. RDS
creates a storage volume snapshot of your DB instance, backing up the entire DB instance and not just individual databases. RDS saves the
automated backups of your DB instance according to the backup retention period that you specify. If necessary, you can recover your DB instance to
any point in time during the backup retention period.
upvoted 3 times
wsdasdasdqwdaw 2 years, 7 months ago
most cost-effective way is just copying the snapshot (24h delta in the storage). => D
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
Dddddddddd
upvoted 4 times
Eminenza22 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
This is the most cost-effective solution because it does not require any additional AWS services. Amazon RDS automatically creates snapshots of you
DB instances every hour. You can copy these snapshots to another Region every 24 hours to meet your RPO and RTO requirements.
The other solutions are more expensive because they require additional AWS services. For example, AWS DMS is a more expensive service than AWS
RDS.
upvoted 4 times