A financial services company launched a new application that uses an Amazon RDS for MySQL database. The company uses the
application to track stock market trends. The company needs to operate the application for only 2 hours at the end of each week.
The company needs to optimize the cost of running the database.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Migrate the existing RDS for MySQL database to an Aurora Serverless v2 MySQL database cluster. Most Voted
B. Migrate the existing RDS for MySQL database to an Aurora MySQL database cluster.
C. Migrate the existing RDS for MySQL database to an Amazon EC2 instance that runs MySQL. Purchase an instance
reservation for the EC2 instance.
D. Migrate the existing RDS for MySQL database to an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster that uses
MySQL container images to run tasks.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The key reasons are:
Aurora Serverless v2 scales compute capacity automatically based on actual usage, down to zero when not in use. This minimizes costs for
intermittent usage.
Since it only runs for 2 hours per week, the application is ideal for a serverless architecture like Aurora Serverless.
Aurora Serverless v2 charges per second when the database is active, unlike RDS which charges hourly.
Aurora Serverless provides higher availability than self-managed MySQL on EC2 or ECS.
Using reserved EC2 instances or ECS still incurs charges when not in use versus the fine-grained scaling of serverless.
Standard Aurora clusters have a minimum capacity unlike the auto-scaling serverless architecture.
upvoted 14 times
dkw2342 2 years, 2 months ago
A is correct, but Aurora Serverless v2 only scales down to 0.5 ACU, not to zero.
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
2 hours per week = Serverless = A. Recommended for "infrequent, intermittent, or unpredictable workloads"
upvoted 5 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A: Aurora Serverless v2 offers the most cost-effective and operationally efficient solution for intermittent workloads like this.
B: over-provisioned and too expensive for this workload
C: Also expensive. You gotta pay for the instance 24/7, regardless of usage.
D: Introduces complexity and operational overhead for database management tasks. Overall, ECS is never easy to handle.
upvoted 1 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
B is wrong because Aurora MySQL cluster will just keep on running for the rest of the week and will be costly.
C and D have too much infra bloating so costly
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (92%)
8%
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer is A.
Here are the key distinctions:
Amazon Aurora: provides built-in security, continuous backups, serverless compute, up to 15 read replicas, automated multi-Region replication, and
integrations with other AWS services.
Amazon Aurora Serverless: is an on-demand, auto-scaling configuration for Aurora where the database automatically starts up, shuts down, and
scales capacity up or down based on your application's needs.
With serverless the db will shut down when not in use.
upvoted 5 times
anikety123 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Option is A
upvoted 3 times
hachiri 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
### Aurora Serverless
- Automated database instantiation and auto-scaling based on actual usage
- Good for infrequent, intermittent or unpredictable workloads
- No capacity planning needed
- Pay per second, can be more cost-effective
upvoted 3 times
vini15 2 years, 10 months ago
will go with A
Amazon Aurora Serverless v2 is suitable for the most demanding, highly variable workloads. For example, your database usage might be heavy for a
short period of time, followed by long periods of light activity or no activity at all.
upvoted 3 times
msdnpro 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
"Amazon Aurora Serverless v2 is suitable for the most demanding, highly variable workloads. For example, your database usage might be heavy for a
short period of time, followed by long periods of light activity or no activity at all. "
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/aurora-serverless-v2.how-it-works.html
upvoted 3 times
ersin13 2 years, 10 months ago
A. Migrate the existing RDS for MySQL database to an Aurora Serverless v2 MySQL database cluster.
upvoted 2 times
mrsoa 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B seems to be the correct answer, because if we have a predictable workload Aurora database seems to be most cost effective however if we have
unpredictable workload aurora serverless seems to be more cost effective because our database will scale up and down
for more informations please read this article
https://medium.com/trackit/aurora-or-aurora-serverless-v2-which-is-more-cost-effective-bcd12e172dcf
upvoted 3 times
Chef_couincouin 2 years, 7 months ago
according to the link, i understand that Aurora Serverless is ideal for sudden peaks in database usage with moderate or minimal usage during other
periods of the day. So Answear is A
upvoted 3 times
Smart 2 years, 9 months ago
True but due to autoscaling - it will be cheaper...check example#1 in the your link.
upvoted 1 times
Smart 2 years, 9 months ago
Correct Answer is A
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Provisioned RDS (as in B) is good for steady (not "predictable") workloads. In this case, the workload is predictable, but the prediction is that it will
be used only 2 hours per week.
upvoted 3 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Aurora Serverless is for "infrequent, intermittent, OR unpredictable workloads"
upvoted 3 times