A solutions architect is designing a workload that will store hourly energy consumption by business tenants in a building. The
sensors will feed a database through HTTP requests that will add up usage for each tenant. The solutions architect must use
managed services when possible. The workload will receive more features in the future as the solutions architect adds
independent components.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use Amazon API Gateway with AWS Lambda functions to receive the data from the sensors, process the data, and store the
data in an Amazon DynamoDB table. Most Voted
B. Use an Elastic Load Balancer that is supported by an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances to receive and process the
data from the sensors. Use an Amazon S3 bucket to store the processed data.
C. Use Amazon API Gateway with AWS Lambda functions to receive the data from the sensors, process the data, and store the
data in a Microsoft SQL Server Express database on an Amazon EC2 instance.
D. Use an Elastic Load Balancer that is supported by an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances to receive and process
the data from the sensors. Use an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) shared file system to store the processed data.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The key reasons are:
° API Gateway removes the need to manage servers to receive the HTTP requests from sensors
° Lambda functions provide a serverless compute layer to process data as needed
° DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database that scales automatically
° This serverless architecture has minimal operational overhead to manage
° Options B, C, and D all require managing EC2 instances which increases ops workload
° Option C also adds SQL Server admin tasks and licensing costs
° Option D uses EFS file storage which requires capacity planning and management
upvoted 6 times
mrsoa Highly Voted 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A seems to be the right answer
upvoted 5 times
AWSSURI Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
Options B,C,D involves unwanted operational overheads due to EC2
So A is the right answer
upvoted 2 times
Mikado211 2 years, 6 months ago
Thinking of that, there is not many questions about IoT Core, but this product could be an excellent answer for the need.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Workload runs every hour, must use managed services, more features in the future, LEAST operational overhead = AWS Lambda functions.
HTTP requests, must use managed services, more features in the future, LEAST operational overhead = API Gateway.
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
Must use managed services, more features in the future, LEAST operational overhead =Amazon DynamoDB.
upvoted 4 times
ersin13 2 years, 10 months ago
key word is "must use managed services when possible" api ,lambda dynamodb are serverless. so answer is A
upvoted 2 times
Kiki_Pass 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
"The workload will receive more features in the future ..." -> DynamoDB
upvoted 4 times
Bmaster 2 years, 10 months ago
A is correct.
upvoted 3 times