A package delivery company has an application that uses Amazon EC2 instances and an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB cluster. As the
application becomes more popular, EC2 instance usage increases only slightly. DB cluster usage increases at a much faster rate.
The company adds a read replica, which reduces the DB cluster usage for a short period of time. However, the load continues to
increase. The operations that cause the increase in DB cluster usage are all repeated read statements that are related to delivery
details. The company needs to alleviate the effect of repeated reads on the DB cluster.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Implement an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster between the application and the DB cluster. Most Voted
B. Add an additional read replica to the DB cluster.
C. Configure Aurora Auto Scaling for the Aurora read replicas.
D. Modify the DB cluster to have multiple writer instances.
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option A
upvoted 7 times
Scheldon Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AnswerC
After topic reconsideration I will go with Aurora autoscaling
To meet your connectivity and workload requirements, Aurora Auto Scaling dynamically adjusts the number of Aurora Replicas (reader DB instances)
provisioned for an Aurora DB cluster. Aurora Auto Scaling is available for both Aurora MySQL and Aurora PostgreSQL. Aurora Auto Scaling enables
your Aurora DB cluster to handle sudden increases in connectivity or workload. When the connectivity or workload decreases, Aurora Auto Scaling
removes unnecessary Aurora Replicas so that you don't pay for unused provisioned DB instances.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Integrating.AutoScaling.html
upvoted 1 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
repeated reads = perfect scenario for CACHING.
How adding more reader instances will "alleviate the effect of repeated reads on the DB cluster"?
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AnswerA
upvoted 3 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
A. Although Redis is not typically cheap, the question statement clearly shouts for a cached solution, which is Redis... Also, that's the only long-term
solution, as we don't know anything about the volumes, scale of trends, etc...
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (93%)
7%
Kezuko 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
"repeated read statements" -> Cache layer
upvoted 3 times
BillaRanga 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The question says, "The operations that cause the increase in DB cluster usage are all **repeated read statements** that are related to delivery
details." - Read statements mean we can cache the results - hence, we need No read-replicas; we need only a cache layer to improve the
performance.. Also, Adding read replicas costs money. The requirement is to meet them MOST cost-effectively
upvoted 4 times