A social media company wants to store its database of user profiles, relationships, and interactions in the AWS Cloud. The
company needs an application to monitor any changes in the database. The application needs to analyze the relationships
between the data entities and to provide recommendations to users.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use Amazon Neptune to store the information. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to process changes in the database.
B. Use Amazon Neptune to store the information. Use Neptune Streams to process changes in the database. Most Voted
C. Use Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB) to store the information. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to
process changes in the database.
D. Use Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB) to store the information. Use Neptune Streams to process changes
in the database.
Comments
pentium75 Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Relationships between entities = Graph data = Neptune
upvoted 8 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Also, Neptune Streams can monitor changes in the data and create a changelog
upvoted 7 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
I come looking for one of you guys comments. Nice.
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Amazon Neptune Database is a serverless graph database designed for superior scalability and availability. Neptune Database provides built-in
security, continuous backups, and integrations with other AWS services. Suitable for social media. With the Neptune Streams feature, you can
generate a complete sequence of change-log entries that record every change made to your graph data as it happens.
upvoted 7 times
FlyingHawk Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Neptune is optimized for storing billions of relationships and querying the graph with milliseconds latence. Neptune Streams logs every change to
your graph as it happens, in the order that it is made, in a fully managed way.
Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (QLDB) is a purpose-built ledger database that provides a complete and cryptographically verifiable history of al
changes made to your application data.
upvoted 1 times
KennethNg923 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Normally Amazon Quantum Ledger Database use in blockchain DB more. So i will go for B using Neptune and Neptune Stream for relationship
between entities.
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (88%)
12%
haci 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon QLDB tracks and maintains a sequential history of every application data change using an immutable and transparent log. It trusts the
integrity of your data. Built-in cryptographic authentication provides third-party verification of data changes. QLDB ACID transactions can create
accurate, event-driven systems with support for real-time streaming to Amazon Kinesis.
upvoted 1 times
NickGordon 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B
Social network -> Graph Structure -> Neptune
upvoted 3 times
ekisako 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Keyword: analyze the relationships
With Amazon Neptune, you can create sophisticated, interactive graph applications that can query billions of relationships in milliseconds.
https://aws.amazon.com/neptune/features/
upvoted 5 times
potomac 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon Neptune is primarily used for managing highly connected graph data, making it well-suited for graph-based applications.
In contrast, Amazon QLDB is designed for applications that require an immutable and auditable transaction history to ensure data integrity.
upvoted 3 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Exactly, thus B. "Relationships between the data entities" is "graph data".
upvoted 2 times
warp 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Neptune is a graph type database and Neptune streams provides view on changes into the database:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune/latest/userguide/streams.html
upvoted 3 times
AF_1221 2 years, 7 months ago
C is the correct answer
provides a well-suited, managed, and scalable solution for storing and monitoring the database with the least operational overhead, meeting the
requirements of the social media company.
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
AQLB is like a blockchain database. Are you sure this is the correct option for graph data?
upvoted 2 times