A company is designing a solution to capture customer activity in different web applications to process analytics and make
predictions. Customer activity in the web applications is unpredictable and can increase suddenly. The company requires a
solution that integrates with other web applications. The solution must include an authorization step for security purposes.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure a Gateway Load Balancer (GWLB) in front of an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) container instance
that stores the information that the company receives in an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Authorization
is resolved at the GWLB.
B. Configure an Amazon API Gateway endpoint in front of an Amazon Kinesis data stream that stores the information that the
company receives in an Amazon S3 bucket. Use an AWS Lambda function to resolve authorization.
C. Configure an Amazon API Gateway endpoint in front of an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose that stores the information that
the company receives in an Amazon S3 bucket. Use an API Gateway Lambda authorizer to resolve authorization. Most Voted
D. Configure a Gateway Load Balancer (GWLB) in front of an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) container
instance that stores the information that the company receives on an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Use
an AWS Lambda function to resolve authorization.
Comments
ralfj Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/apigateway-use-lambda-authorizer.html
upvoted 9 times
FlyingHawk Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/firehose/latest/dev/basic-deliver.html
upvoted 1 times
emakid 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Option C: Configure an Amazon API Gateway endpoint in front of an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose that stores the information that the company
receives in an Amazon S3 bucket. Use an API Gateway Lambda authorizer to resolve authorization.
This solution meets the requirements in the following ways:
Handles Unpredictable Traffic: Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose can handle variable amounts of streaming data and automatically scales to
accommodate sudden increases in traffic.
Integration with Web Applications: Amazon API Gateway provides a RESTful API endpoint for integrating with web applications.
Authorization: An API Gateway Lambda authorizer provides the necessary authorization step to secure API access.
Data Storage: Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose can deliver data directly to an Amazon S3 bucket for storage, making it suitable for long-term analytics
and predictions.
upvoted 4 times
Matte_ 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (86%)
14%
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/apigateway-use-lambda-authorizer.html
upvoted 2 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
You cannot use Kinesis Data stream to store data in S3. You need Firehose for that.
upvoted 4 times
Mr_Marcus 2 years ago
Ummm. This link (Use API Gateway Lambda authorizers) helps to validate "C" as the correct answer, not "B".
upvoted 2 times
4fad2f8 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B. Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose does not save anything
upvoted 2 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Amazone Data Firehose can send data to S3: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/firehose/latest/dev/s3-object-name.html
upvoted 1 times
jaswantn 2 years, 4 months ago
option C...Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose that stores the information (that the company receives) in an Amazon S3 bucket.
This answer statement is worded in a complex way. It means to say that Firehose stores the data in S3 ...which company receives from API Gateway.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Configure an Amazon API Gateway endpoint in front of an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose that stores the information that the company receives in an
Amazon S3 bucket. Use an API Gateway Lambda authorizer to resolve authorization.
upvoted 4 times
wsdasdasdqwdaw 2 years, 7 months ago
Using ECS just to stores the information is a overkill. So B or C then, lambda authoriser is the key word => C
upvoted 4 times
Eminenza22 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/services-kinesisfirehose.html
upvoted 3 times
ErnShm 2 years, 9 months ago
C
authorizer is configured for the method. If it is, API Gateway calls the Lambda function. The Lambda function authenticates the caller by means such
as the following: Calling out to an OAuth provider to get an OAuth access token
upvoted 3 times
gispankaj 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
lambda authoriser seems to be logical solution.
upvoted 3 times