A company uses Amazon EC2 instances and stores data on Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. The company must
ensure that all data is encrypted at rest by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). The company must be able to control
rotation of the encryption keys.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create a customer managed key. Use the key to encrypt the EBS volumes. Most Voted
B. Use an AWS managed key to encrypt the EBS volumes. Use the key to configure automatic key rotation.
C. Create an external KMS key with imported key material. Use the key to encrypt the EBS volumes.
D. Use an AWS owned key to encrypt the EBS volumes.
Comments
pentium75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
"Able to control rotation of the encryption keys" = customer managed key (created by AWS but managed by the customer in KMS)
upvoted 6 times
meenkaza Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
option A (Create a customer managed key. Use the key to encrypt the EBS volumes) is the most suitable option with the least operational overhead
for the given requirements.
upvoted 5 times
Chen77 Most Recent 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The company must ensure encryption at rest using AWS KMS and must control key rotation with minimal operational overhead.
AWS Managed Keys are automatically managed by AWS, including automatic key rotation every year.
This approach eliminates manual key management, reducing administrative effort.
upvoted 1 times
AAbirdy 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The company must be able to control rotation of the encryption keys = customer managed key
upvoted 5 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
"The company must be able to control rotation of the encryption keys."
BD does not allow company owned keys
C is too much operational overhead
upvoted 4 times
dikshya1233 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The solution that meets the requirements with the LEAST operational overhead is:
B. Use an AWS managed key to encrypt the EBS volumes. Use the key to configure automatic key rotation.
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (88%)
12%
With AWS managed keys (AWS managed CMKs), AWS takes care of key management tasks, including key rotation. This reduces operational overhead
as AWS automatically handles key rotation without requiring manual intervention. It is a convenient option for users who want to ensure encryption
at rest with minimal effort in managing encryption keys.
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
AWS Manged keys don't meet the requirements "The company must be able to control rotation of the encryption keys."
upvoted 3 times
Shobhit2021 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is correct option
upvoted 2 times
fea9bdf 1 year, 11 months ago
Answer is C
Details are on this link below:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/default-bucket-encryption.html
Amazon S3 buckets have bucket encryption enabled by default, and new objects are automatically encrypted by using server-side encryption with
Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3). This encryption applies to all new objects in your Amazon S3 buckets, and comes at no cost to you.
If you need more control over your encryption keys, such as managing key rotation and access policy grants, you can elect to use server-side
encryption with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) keys (SSE-KMS), or dual-layer server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (DSSE-KMS). For
more information about SSE-KMS, see Specifying server-side encryption with AWS KMS (SSE-KMS). For more information about DSSE-KMS, see
Using dual-layer server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (DSSE-KMS).
upvoted 1 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
How does this relate to answer C? With "imported key material" you cannot "control rotation of the encryption keys" (except by importing new
keys). SSE-KMS (as mentioned in your explanation = customer managed key = A
upvoted 2 times
Riajul 1 year, 11 months ago
Should be option A
upvoted 2 times
Naijaboy99 1 year, 11 months ago
option B is the correct answer with least operational overhead on admins
upvoted 1 times
Naijaboy99 1 year, 11 months ago
@meenkaza was right the answer is A
upvoted 3 times
OSHOAIB 1 year, 11 months ago
AWS managed keys do allow for automatic rotation, but the company does NOT have control over the rotation - AWS manages this automatically
without company intervention.
upvoted 2 times