A company has an AWS Direct Connect connection from its on-premises location to an AWS account. The AWS account has 30
different VPCs in the same AWS Region. The VPCs use private virtual interfaces (VIFs). Each VPC has a CIDR block that does not
overlap with other networks under the company's control.
The company wants to centrally manage the networking architecture while still allowing each VPC to communicate with all other
VPCs and on-premises networks.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?
A. Create a transit gateway, and associate the Direct Connect connection with a new transit VIF. Turn on the transit gateway's
route propagation feature. Most Voted
B. Create a Direct Connect gateway. Recreate the private VIFs to use the new gateway. Associate each VPC by creating new
virtual private gateways.
C. Create a transit VPConnect the Direct Connect connection to the transit VPCreate a peering connection between all other
VPCs in the Region. Update the route tables.
D. Create AWS Site-to-Site VPN connections from on premises to each VPC. Ensure that both VPN tunnels are UP for each
connection. Turn on the route propagation feature.
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option A
upvoted 7 times
Umuntu Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
A is the best solution
upvoted 6 times
Besisco Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A, but... why there is not mentioned transit gateway attachments?
if no attachments, how VPCs are going to communicate onprem through the transit gateway?
upvoted 1 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
"You can use AWS Direct Connect gateway to connect your Direct Connect connection over a transit virtual interface to the VPCs or VPNs that are
attached to your transit gateway. You associate a Direct Connect gateway with the transit gateway. Then, create a transit virtual interface for your
AWS Direct Connect connection to the Direct Connect gateway."
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directconnect/latest/UserGuide/direct-connect-transit-gateways.html
upvoted 4 times
alawada 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Turn on the transit gateway's route propagation feature.
upvoted 2 times
cedser8 2 years, 3 months ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directconnect/latest/UserGuide/direct-connect-gateways-intro.html
upvoted 2 times
Typewriter101 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
transit gateway -> hub and spoke
upvoted 6 times