A company is creating an application that runs on containers in a VPC. The application stores and accesses data in an Amazon S3
bucket. During the development phase, the application will store and access 1 TB of data in Amazon S3 each day. The company
wants to minimize costs and wants to prevent traffic from traversing the internet whenever possible.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Enable S3 Intelligent-Tiering for the S3 bucket
B. Enable S3 Transfer Acceleration for the S3 bucket
C. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Associate this endpoint with all route tables in the VPC Most Voted
D. Create an interface endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPC. Associate this endpoint with all route tables in the VPC
Comments
litos168 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Amazon S3 supports both gateway endpoints and interface endpoints. With a gateway endpoint, you can access Amazon S3 from your VPC, without
requiring an internet gateway or NAT device for your VPC, and with no additional cost. However, gateway endpoints do not allow access from on-
premises networks, from peered VPCs in other AWS Regions, or through a transit gateway. For those scenarios, you must use an interface endpoint,
which is available for an additional cost.
upvoted 14 times
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Gateway VPC Endpoint: A gateway VPC endpoint enables private connectivity between a VPC and Amazon S3. It allows direct access to Amazon S3
without the need for internet gateways, NAT devices, VPN connections, or AWS Direct Connect.
Minimize Internet Traffic: By creating a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 and associating it with all route tables in the VPC, the traffic between
the VPC and Amazon S3 will be kept within the AWS network. This helps in minimizing data transfer costs and prevents the need for traffic to traverse
the internet.
Cost-Effective: With a gateway VPC endpoint, the data transfer between the application running in the VPC and the S3 bucket stays within the AWS
network, reducing the need for data transfer across the internet. This can result in cost savings, especially when dealing with large amounts of data.
upvoted 8 times
cloudenthusiast 2 years, 6 months ago
Option B (Enable S3 Transfer Acceleration for the S3 bucket) is a feature that uses the CloudFront global network to accelerate data transfers to and
from Amazon S3. While it can improve data transfer speed, it still involves traffic traversing the internet and doesn't directly address the goal of
minimizing costs and preventing internet traffic whenever possible.
upvoted 3 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/architecture/choosing-your-vpc-endpoint-strategy-for-amazon-s3/
A: Storage cost is not described as an issue here
B: Tx Accelerator is for external (global user) traffic acceleration
D: Interface endpoint is on-prem to S3
C: gateway VPC is specifically for S3 to AWS resources
upvoted 4 times
dkw2342 1 year, 9 months ago
Interface endpoints are not exclusively for on-prem to S3.
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
The only reason why option D is wrong is because "Associate this endpoint with all route tables in the VPC" makes no sense.
upvoted 1 times
bsbs1234 2 years, 2 months ago
I think both C&D will works.
But D will have extra cost. So C is correct.
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Associate this endpoint with all route tables in the VPC
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Prevent traffic from traversing the internet = Gateway VPC endpoint for S3.
upvoted 4 times
Anmol_1010 2 years, 6 months ago
Key word transversing to internet
upvoted 2 times
Efren 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Gateway endpoint for S3
upvoted 3 times
nosense 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
vpc endpoint for s3
upvoted 5 times