A company is migrating its applications and databases to the AWS Cloud. The company will use Amazon Elastic Container Service
(Amazon ECS), AWS Direct Connect, and Amazon RDS.
Which activities will be managed by the company's operational team? (Choose three.)
A. Management of the Amazon RDS infrastructure layer, operating system, and platforms
B. Creation of an Amazon RDS DB instance and configuring the scheduled maintenance window Most Voted
C. Configuration of additional software components on Amazon ECS for monitoring, patch management, log management,
and host intrusion detection Most Voted
D. Installation of patches for all minor and major database versions for Amazon RDS
E. Ensure the physical security of the Amazon RDS infrastructure in the data center
F. Encryption of the data that moves in transit through Direct Connect Most Voted
Comments
pentium75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: BCF
ADE = AWS responsibility
upvoted 10 times
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: BCF
Just to clarify on F. Direct Connect is an ISP and AWS offering, I consider it as a physical connection just like you get from your ISP at home. There is
not security on it until you build security on the connection. AWS provides Direct Connect but it does not provide encryption level security on data
movement through it by default. It's the customer's responsibility.
upvoted 9 times
Guru4Cloud Most Recent 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: BCF
B: Creating an RDS instance and configuring the maintenance window is done by the customer.
C: Adding monitoring, logging, etc on ECS is managed by the customer.
F: Encrypting Direct Connect traffic is handled by the customer.
upvoted 5 times
james2033 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: BCF
In question has 3 keyword "Amazon ECS", "AWS Direct Connect", "Amazon RDS". With per Amazon services, choose 1 according answer. Has 6 items,
need pick 3 items.
ECS --> choose C.
Direct Connect --> choose F.
RDS --> Excluse A (by keyword "infrastructure layer"), Choose B. Exclusive D (by keyword "patches for all minor and major database versions for
Amazon RDS"). Exclusive E (by keyword "Ensure the physical security of the Amazon RDS"). Easy question.
upvoted 5 times
Correct Answer: BCF
Community vote distribution
BCF (98%)
2%
kapit 2 years, 5 months ago
BC & F ( no automatic encryption with direct connect
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: BF
Amazon ECS is a fully managed service, the ops team only focus on building their applications, not the environment.
Only option B and F makes sense.
upvoted 1 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Plus C (we were asked for three). Configuration (!) of components for monitoring, log management etc.; those services exist from AWS but you need
to configure them (which logs do you want to store for how long etc.).
upvoted 2 times
antropaws 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: BCF
100% BCF.
upvoted 2 times
lucdt4 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: BCF
BCF
B: Mentioned RDS
C: Mentioned ECS
F: Mentioned Direct connect
upvoted 5 times
hiroohiroo 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: BCF
Yes BCF
upvoted 2 times
omoakin 2 years, 6 months ago
I agree BCF
upvoted 2 times
nosense 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: BCF
Bcf for me
upvoted 3 times