A company has an AWS Direct Connect connection from its corporate data center to its VPC in the us-east-1 Region. The company
recently acquired a corporation that has several VPCs and a Direct Connect connection between its on-premises data center and
the eu-west-2 Region. The CIDR blocks for the VPCs of the company and the corporation do not overlap. The company requires
connectivity between two Regions and the data centers. The company needs a solution that is scalable while reducing operational
overhead.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Set up inter-Region VPC peering between the VPC in us-east-1 and the VPCs in eu-west-2.
B. Create private virtual interfaces from the Direct Connect connection in us-east-1 to the VPCs in eu-west-2.
C. Establish VPN appliances in a fully meshed VPN network hosted by Amazon EC2. Use AWS VPN CloudHub to send and
receive data between the data centers and each VPC.
D. Connect the existing Direct Connect connection to a Direct Connect gateway. Route traffic from the virtual private gateways
of the VPCs in each Region to the Direct Connect gateway. Most Voted
Comments
BillaRanga Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
"If you want to set up a Direct Connect to one or more VPC in many different regions (same account), you must use a Direct Connect Gateway."
upvoted 5 times
BillaRanga 2 years, 3 months ago
CloudHub is a VPN (encrypted) connection, so it goes over the public Internet., Whereas DirectConnect is Private (but not encrypted). So CloudHub
is not suited for this useCase
upvoted 3 times
JA2018 Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Connect the existing Direct Connect connection to a Direct Connect gateway. Route traffic from the virtual private gateways of the VPCs in each
Region to the Direct Connect gateway.
Explanation:
Scalability and Reduced Overhead:
Using a Direct Connect gateway allows for easy scaling by adding more virtual private gateways from different regions to the same Direct Connect
gateway, eliminating the need to manage separate connections for each region and minimizing operational overhead.
Inter-Region Connectivity:
A Direct Connect gateway acts as a central hub for routing traffic between VPCs in different regions through the Direct Connect connection,
providing the required connectivity between the US-East-1 and EU-West-2 regions
upvoted 1 times
jaswantn 2 years, 4 months ago
option D
upvoted 2 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Changing to Option D for simpler implementation.
upvoted 3 times
1e22522 1 year, 10 months ago
sure "Andy"
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
upvoted 3 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option A
upvoted 2 times