A solutions architect needs to copy files from an Amazon S3 bucket to an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system and
another S3 bucket. The files must be copied continuously. New files are added to the original S3 bucket consistently. The copied
files should be overwritten only if the source file changes.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create an AWS DataSync location for both the destination S3 bucket and the EFS file system. Create a task for the
destination S3 bucket and the EFS file system. Set the transfer mode to transfer only data that has changed. Most Voted
B. Create an AWS Lambda function. Mount the file system to the function. Set up an S3 event notification to invoke the
function when files are created and changed in Amazon S3. Configure the function to copy files to the file system and the
destination S3 bucket.
C. Create an AWS DataSync location for both the destination S3 bucket and the EFS file system. Create a task for the
destination S3 bucket and the EFS file system. Set the transfer mode to transfer all data.
D. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance in the same VPC as the file system. Mount the file system. Create a script to routinely
synchronize all objects that changed in the origin S3 bucket to the destination S3 bucket and the mounted file system.
Comments
meenkaza Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
AWS DataSync (Option A): AWS DataSync is designed for efficient and reliable copying of data between different storage solutions. By setting up an
AWS DataSync task with the transfer mode set to transfer only data that has changed, you ensure that only the new or modified files are copied. This
minimizes data transfer and operational overhead.
upvoted 5 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Actually this is not fully correct:
"By setting up an AWS DataSync task with the transfer mode set to transfer only data that has changed, you ensure that only the new or modified
files are copied. "
"Transfer only data that has changed ... copies only the data and metadata that differs between the source and destination location."
So, if we have a source with existing items and an empty destination (like in this example), "transfer only data that has changed" will transfer all the
existing items though in the true sense of the word they have not "changed".
upvoted 4 times
mohammadthainat Most Recent 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
DataSync will do an Initial Scan of both S3 buckets. Identifying Differences. Then, Transferring Changes, so technically DataSync will transfer All the
data at first run then it will only transfer newly added/modified objects subsequently.
upvoted 4 times
Kezuko 1 year, 8 months ago
Have always did this using B, guess now that I know A is less operational
upvoted 4 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
BD are more operation overhead although B can work in principle
AC uses managed service to transfer data. A fulfils the requirement of "copied files should be overwritten only if the source file changes" so A is
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
correct. B will just copy regardless of the change
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Meant C will transfer everything and copy data without comparing for change
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Transfer only data that has changed – DataSync copies only the data and metadata that differs between the source and destination location.
Transfer all data – DataSync copies everything in the source to the destination without comparing differences between the locations.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/datasync/latest/userguide/configure-metadata.html
(B would work too but is more "operational overhead.")
upvoted 4 times
cciesam 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
ans: A
upvoted 3 times