A manufacturing company runs its report generation application on AWS. The application generates each report in about 20
minutes. The application is built as a monolith that runs on a single Amazon EC2 instance. The application requires frequent
updates to its tightly coupled modules. The application becomes complex to maintain as the company adds new features.
Each time the company patches a software module, the application experiences downtime. Report generation must restart from
the beginning after any interruptions. The company wants to redesign the application so that the application can be flexible,
scalable, and gradually improved. The company wants to minimize application downtime.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Run the application on AWS Lambda as a single function with maximum provisioned concurrency.
B. Run the application on Amazon EC2 Spot Instances as microservices with a Spot Fleet default allocation strategy.
C. Run the application on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) as microservices with service auto scaling.
Most Voted
D. Run the application on AWS Elastic Beanstalk as a single application environment with an all-at-once deployment strategy.
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Microservices using ECS
upvoted 10 times
MatAlves Most Recent 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Monolith -> Microservices = ECS.
upvoted 1 times
Hung23 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Sure 100%
upvoted 3 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Microservices using Elastic Container Service is correct
upvoted 1 times
Indrasis 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is correct
upvoted 1 times
Typewriter101 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
B will not help
spot instances provide cost savings but using it for a stateful task isn't right cause spot instances can be interrupted
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Correct answer but incorrect reasoning. Spot fleet includes on-demand AND spot instances to provide the desired capacity.
upvoted 1 times