An online photo-sharing company stores its photos in an Amazon S3 bucket that exists in the us-west-1 Region. The company
needs to store a copy of all new photos in the us-east-1 Region.
Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational effort?
A. Create a second S3 bucket in us-east-1. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication to copy photos from the existing S3 bucket to the
second S3 bucket. Most Voted
B. Create a cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) configuration of the existing S3 bucket. Specify us-east-1 in the CORS rule's
AllowedOrigin element.
C. Create a second S3 bucket in us-east-1 across multiple Availability Zones. Create an S3 Lifecycle rule to save photos into the
second S3 bucket.
D. Create a second S3 bucket in us-east-1. Configure S3 event notifications on object creation and update events to invoke an
AWS Lambda function to copy photos from the existing S3 bucket to the second S3 bucket.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
S3 Cross-Region Replication handles automatically copying new objects added to the source bucket to the destination bucket in a different region.
It continuously replicates new photos without needing to manually copy files or set up Lambda triggers.
CORS only enables cross-origin access, it does not copy objects.
Using Lifecycle rules or Lambda functions requires custom code and logic to handle the copying.
S3 Cross-Region Replication provides automated replication that minimizes operational overhead.
upvoted 8 times
xBUGx Most Recent 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
All NEW photo, not all photo.
We dont want to copy existing photos
upvoted 3 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
"There are two types of replication: live replication and on-demand replication.
Live replication – To automatically replicate new and updated objects as they are written to the source bucket, use live replication. Live replication
doesn't replicate any objects that existed in the bucket before you set up replication. To replicate objects that existed before you set up replication,
use on-demand replication."
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/replication.html
upvoted 3 times
TheLaPlanta 2 years, 2 months ago
A does exactly that
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/replication.html
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (86%)
14%
To automatically replicate new objects as they are written to the bucket, use live replication, such as Cross-Region Replication (CRR). To replicate
existing objects to a different bucket on demand, use S3 Batch Replication.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
LEAST operational effort = Cross-Region Replication
upvoted 2 times
dilaaziz 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2015/03/amazon-s3-introduces-cross-region-replication/
upvoted 3 times
taustin2 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
S3 Cross-Region Replication is least operational overhead.
upvoted 3 times