A gaming company wants to launch a new internet-facing application in multiple AWS Regions. The application will use the TCP
and UDP protocols for communication. The company needs to provide high availability and minimum latency for global users.
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Create internal Network Load Balancers in front of the application in each Region. Most Voted
B. Create external Application Load Balancers in front of the application in each Region.
C. Create an AWS Global Accelerator accelerator to route traffic to the load balancers in each Region. Most Voted
D. Configure Amazon Route 53 to use a geolocation routing policy to distribute the traffic.
E. Configure Amazon CloudFront to handle the traffic and route requests to the application in each Region
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Correct answer should be AC
upvoted 10 times
mestule 1 year, 10 months ago
Agreed.
When you add an internal Load Balancer or an Amazon EC2 instance endpoint in AWS Global Accelerator, you enable internet traffic to flow directly
to and from the endpoint in Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs) by targeting it in a private subnet. The VPC that contains the load balancer or EC2
instance must have an internet gateway attached to it, to indicate that the VPC accepts internet traffic. However, you don't need public IP addresses
on the load balancer or EC2 instance. You also don't need an associated internet gateway route for the subnet.
upvoted 8 times
ogerber Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
Gaming + TCP / UDP => always think NLB and global accelerator
upvoted 5 times
yangbo Most Recent 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: CD
A is wrong . AWS Global Accelerator cannot directly connect to Internal Network Load Balancers (NLBs). It can only connect to Internet-facing NLBs
or Application Load Balancers (ALBs), and cannot connect to Internal NLBs because Internal NLBs are designed to serve traffic within the VPC and are
not exposed to the internet.
upvoted 3 times
yangbo 1 year, 3 months ago
client - dns - AWS Global Accelerator - NLB -EC2
upvoted 1 times
sandordini 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
Gaming, TCP&UDP, HA, Low latency >> NLB + AWS Global Accelerator
upvoted 2 times
waldirlsantos 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
Global Accelerator is a good fit for non-HTTP use cases, such as gaming (UDP), IoT (MQTT), or Voice over IP. NLB + GA for UDP, TCP
Correct Answer: AC
Community vote distribution
AC (84%)
CD (16%)
upvoted 2 times
Kezuko 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
UDP -> NLB and Global Accelerator
upvoted 4 times
1Alpha1 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
*AC* - the app is using TCP & UDP
upvoted 3 times
jaswantn 1 year, 10 months ago
For global user where TCP and UDP protocols are used and HA with minimum latency is needed.... Global Accelerator with NLB is the solution
combination .
upvoted 3 times