A company runs a production database on Amazon RDS for MySQL. The company wants to upgrade the database version for
security compliance reasons. Because the database contains critical data, the company wants a quick solution to upgrade and test
functionality without losing any data.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create an RDS manual snapshot. Upgrade to the new version of Amazon RDS for MySQL.
B. Use native backup and restore. Restore the data to the upgraded new version of Amazon RDS for MySQL.
C. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to replicate the data to the upgraded new version of Amazon RDS for
MySQL.
D. Use Amazon RDS Blue/Green Deployments to deploy and test production changes. Most Voted
Comments
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A blue/green deployment copies a production database environment to a separate, synchronized staging environment. You can make changes to the
database in the staging environment without affecting the production environment. When you are ready, you can promote the staging environment
to be the new production database environment, with downtime typically under one minute.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/blue-green-deployments.html
upvoted 11 times
warp Highly Voted 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
You can make changes to the RDS DB instances in the green environment without affecting production workloads. For example, you can upgrade the
major or minor DB engine version, upgrade the underlying file system configuration, or change database parameters in the staging environment. You
can thoroughly test changes in the green environment.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/blue-green-deployments-overview.html
upvoted 6 times
cjace Most Recent 1 year, 12 months ago
Option A (Create an RDS manual snapshot and upgrade) is the most straightforward and least operationally intensive method to upgrade your
Amazon RDS for MySQL instance while ensuring data safety and allowing thorough testing of application functionality post-upgrade. This approach
leverages RDS's snapshot capabilities to provide a reliable rollback mechanism if needed, making it the recommended choice for your scenario.
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Least overhead, only CD qualify and D is actually a managed solution for what is being proposed (hopefully) in C so it's better.
upvoted 4 times
foha2012 2 years, 5 months ago
C works for me
upvoted 1 times
potomac 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D is the answer
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)