A company needs a solution to enforce data encryption at rest on Amazon EC2 instances. The solution must automatically identify
noncompliant resources and enforce compliance policies on findings.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead?
A. Use an IAM policy that allows users to create only encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. Use AWS
Config and AWS Systems Manager to automate the detection and remediation of unencrypted EBS volumes. Most Voted
B. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to manage access to encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
volumes. Use AWS Lambda and Amazon EventBridge to automate the detection and remediation of unencrypted EBS volumes.
C. Use Amazon Macie to detect unencrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. Use AWS Systems Manager
Automation rules to automatically encrypt existing and new EBS volumes.
D. Use Amazon inspector to detect unencrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. Use AWS Systems
Manager Automation rules to automatically encrypt existing and new EBS volumes.
Comments
meenkaza Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
IAM Policy and AWS Config (Option A): By creating an IAM policy that allows users to create only encrypted EBS volumes, you proactively prevent the
creation of unencrypted volumes. Using AWS Config, you can set up rules to detect noncompliant resources, and AWS Systems Manager Automation
can be used for automated remediation. This approach provides a proactive and automated solution.
upvoted 13 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Not B - because when you want to detect unencrypted EBS volumes using Lambda and EventBridge, the codes you'll need to compose is so much
more than you think. Just leave that whole shebang to AWS Config and then you'll choose A accordingly.
upvoted 1 times
88f8032 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Isn't B simpler?
upvoted 1 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
B: Too much work
C: Macie is for PII and sensitive data not for encrypted volumes
D: Inspector for OS patching and vulnerability detections
upvoted 2 times
f2e2419 1 year, 11 months ago
why not B?
upvoted 1 times
OSHOAIB 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Option A - enforces the creation of encrypted volumes via IAM policies and uses AWS Config for detection and AWS Systems Manager for
remediation with the LEAST administrative overhead.
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (96%)
4%
upvoted 3 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A as exactly described here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/patterns/automatically-encrypt-existing-and-new-amazon-
ebs-volumes.html
Not B, that could in theory work but would be massive operational overhead
Not C, Macie detects PII data, not unencrypted volumes
Not D, Inspector detects vulnerabilities, not unencrypted volumes
upvoted 4 times