A company has an application that uses Docker containers in its local data center. The application runs on a container host that
stores persistent data in a volume on the host. The container instances use the stored persistent data.
The company wants to move the application to a fully managed service because the company does not want to manage any
servers or storage infrastructure.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with self-managed nodes. Create an Amazon Elastic Block Store
(Amazon EBS) volume attached to an Amazon EC2 instance. Use the EBS volume as a persistent volume mounted in the
containers.
B. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with an AWS Fargate launch type. Create an Amazon Elastic File System
(Amazon EFS) volume. Add the EFS volume as a persistent storage volume mounted in the containers. Most Voted
C. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with an AWS Fargate launch type. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. Map
the S3 bucket as a persistent storage volume mounted in the containers.
D. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with an Amazon EC2 launch type. Create an Amazon Elastic File System
(Amazon EFS) volume. Add the EFS volume as a persistent storage volume mounted in the containers.
Comments
Marunio Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Mounting S3 in Fargate is not supported commonly. You'd have to make it manually. EFS is very well supported with Fargate.
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/66391791/how-to-mount-s3-bucket-to-ecs-fargate-container
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/bestpracticesguide/storage.html
upvoted 8 times
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
B looks correct
upvoted 6 times
waldirlsantos Most Recent 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
EFS is listed like a best practice for this cases
"ou can use Amazon ECS to run stateful containerized applications at scale by using AWS storage services, such as Amazon EFS, Amazon EBS, or FSx
for Windows File Server, that provide data persistence to inherently ephemeral containers. The term data persistence means that the data itself
outlasts the process that created it. "
upvoted 2 times
MattBJ 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is correct
upvoted 2 times
ogerber 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (92%)
8%
The company does not want to manage any servers or storage infrastructure.
I would go with C
upvoted 1 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Both B and C work with AWS launch type. So you have to decide between EFS vs S3.
How are you going to MOUNT s3 buckets in the containers?!
upvoted 2 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
It's simply not good practice, unless you're confusing S3 with S3 storage gateway.
upvoted 2 times