A company is relocating its data center and wants to securely transfer 50 TB of data to AWS within 2 weeks. The existing data
center has a Site-to-Site VPN connection to AWS that is 90% utilized.
Which AWS service should a solutions architect use to meet these requirements?
A. AWS DataSync with a VPC endpoint
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized Most Voted
D. AWS Storage Gateway
Comments
Cyberkayu Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
90% utilization of the bandwidth = they discouraged the use of internet bandwidth for uploading, go seek for offline data seeding to AWS method
upvoted 9 times
NSA_Poker 2 years ago
data centers don't "discouraged the use of internet bandwidth."
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
50 TB of data to AWS within 2 weeks = Snowball Edge Storage Optimized
upvoted 5 times
KennethNg923 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
50 TB of data to AWS within 2 weeks + 90% utilization already be used -> snowball
upvoted 2 times
NSA_Poker 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
(B) is correct.
Direct Connect is "A dedicated connection [is] made through a 1-Gbps, 10-Gbps, or 100-Gbps Ethernet port dedicated to a single customer." DX uses
802.1Q VLANs providing a dedicated private network connection to AWS. At 1-Gbps, transfer takes less than 5 days; at 100-Gbps it takes less than 67
minutes. Since it's a data center & not an oil rig in the middle of the Gulf of Mexico, data center should be able to get this service.
(C) is incorrect
"Consider Snowball Edge if you need to run computing in rugged, austere, mobile, or disconnected (or intermittently connected) environments. Also
consider it for large-scale data transfers and migrations when bandwidth is not available for use of a high-speed online transfer service, such as AWS
DataSync."
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
hi bro, setting a new DX will usually takes longer than 2 weeks..... and we have not even started any Data transfer over the wire yet.
upvoted 1 times
NSA_Poker 2 years ago
B > A > C > D
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (95%)
5%
upvoted 1 times
xBUGx 2 years, 3 months ago
Assuming vpn is 1Gbps, it can still transfer 50TB with in 5days with only 10% bandwidth avaliable
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A DataSync is for data
B Direct connect takes longer than 2 weeks
D StorageGateway is useless without more contex
C is only remaining choice.
upvoted 3 times
NSA_Poker 2 years ago
(A) The problem is not that DataSync deals with data (we have to 'transfer 50 TB of data'). The issue is with the VPC endpoint; it doesn't increase our
bandwidth. DataSync task is capable fully utilizing 10-Gbps over a network link between your on-premises environment and AWS.
(B) works between 67-minutes & 5 days.
(C) Works but is NOT what I would recommend to a data center.
(D) over VPN connection that is 90% utilized, takes more than 6 weeks.
upvoted 1 times
ftaws 2 years, 5 months ago
Not memtioned network bandwidth. How we know that?
upvoted 2 times
allanm 10 months ago
Doesn't matter, 90% of it is utilised.
upvoted 1 times