A company deployed a serverless application that uses Amazon DynamoDB as a database layer. The application has experienced a
large increase in users. The company wants to improve database response time from milliseconds to microseconds and to cache
requests to the database.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX). Most Voted
B. Migrate the database to Amazon Redshift.
C. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS.
D. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis.
Comments
h8er Highly Voted 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) is a fully managed, highly available, in-memory cache for Amazon DynamoDB that delivers up to a 10 times
performance improvement—from milliseconds to microseconds—even at millions of requests per second.
https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/dax/#:~:text=Amazon%20DynamoDB%20Accelerator%20(DAX)%20is,millions%20of%20requests%20per%20sec
ond.
upvoted 11 times
MatAlves Most Recent 1 year, 8 months ago
Amazon ElastiCache for Redis would help with "caching requests", but not " improve database response" itself.
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
DAX is least operations overhead.
B: Redshift, although powerful, but is for analytics
C: Downgrading to RDS won't help
D: EC for Redis is more for persistent caching so would be good but lot of operational overhead
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
improve DynamoDB response time from milliseconds to microseconds and to cache requests to the database = DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX)
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Use DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX).
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Which is A, not C.
upvoted 3 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Quote A but mark C. You need more coffee mate :)
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (91%)
9%
upvoted 5 times
mrsoa 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is the right answer
upvoted 3 times
Bmaster 2 years, 10 months ago
Correct A.
upvoted 2 times