A company has created a multi-tier application for its ecommerce website. The website uses an Application Load Balancer that
resides in the public subnets, a web tier in the public subnets, and a MySQL cluster hosted on Amazon EC2 instances in the private
subnets. The MySQL database needs to retrieve product catalog and pricing information that is hosted on the internet by a third-
party provider. A solutions architect must devise a strategy that maximizes security without increasing operational overhead.
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Deploy a NAT instance in the VPC. Route all the internet-based traffic through the NAT instance.
B. Deploy a NAT gateway in the public subnets. Modify the private subnet route table to direct all internet-bound traffic to the
NAT gateway. Most Voted
C. Configure an internet gateway and attach it to the VPModify the private subnet route table to direct internet-bound traffic
to the internet gateway.
D. Configure a virtual private gateway and attach it to the VPC. Modify the private subnet route table to direct internet-bound
traffic to the virtual private gateway.
Comments
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A: Probably an old question so this option is here but NAT instance is overhead
C: Not secure as IG opens up a lot of things
D: VPG connects to a service
B: NG is managed solution. Secure by config
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
Deploy a NAT gateway in the public subnets. Modify the private subnet route table to direct all internet-bound traffic to the NAT gateway
upvoted 4 times
ssa03 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct Answer: B
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Deploy a NAT gateway in the public subnets. Modify the private subnet route table to direct all internet-bound traffic to the NAT gateway.
upvoted 3 times
Deepakin96 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
NAT Gateway is safe
upvoted 3 times
Bmaster 2 years, 4 months ago
B is correct
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)