A company has a service that reads and writes large amounts of data from an Amazon S3 bucket in the same AWS Region. The
service is deployed on Amazon EC2 instances within the private subnet of a VPC. The service communicates with Amazon S3 over
a NAT gateway in the public subnet. However, the company wants a solution that will reduce the data output costs.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Provision a dedicated EC2 NAT instance in the public subnet. Configure the route table for the private subnet to use the
elastic network interface of this instance as the destination for all S3 traffic.
B. Provision a dedicated EC2 NAT instance in the private subnet. Configure the route table for the public subnet to use the
elastic network interface of this instance as the destination for all S3 traffic.
C. Provision a VPC gateway endpoint. Configure the route table for the private subnet to use the gateway endpoint as the
route for all S3 traffic. Most Voted
D. Provision a second NAT gateway. Configure the route table for the private subnet to use this NAT gateway as the
destination for all S3 traffic.
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A VPC gateway endpoint allows you to privately access Amazon S3 from within your VPC without using a NAT gateway or NAT instance. By
provisioning a VPC gateway endpoint for S3, the service in the private subnet can directly communicate with S3 without incurring data transfer costs
for traffic going through a NAT gateway.
upvoted 11 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
As a rule of thumb, EC2<->S3 in your workload should always try to use a VPC gateway unless there is an explicit restriction (account etc.) which
disallows it.
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Using a VPC endpoint for S3 allows the EC2 instances to access S3 directly over the Amazon network without traversing the internet. This significantly
reduces data output charges.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
use VPC gateway endpoint to route traffic internally and save on costs.
upvoted 2 times
elmogy 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
private subnet needs to communicate with S3 --> VPC endpoint right away
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)