A company wants to use Amazon FSx for Windows File Server for its Amazon EC2 instances that have an SMB file share mounted
as a volume in the us-east-1 Region. The company has a recovery point objective (RPO) of 5 minutes for planned system
maintenance or unplanned service disruptions. The company needs to replicate the file system to the us-west-2 Region. The
replicated data must not be deleted by any user for 5 years.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create an FSx for Windows File Server file system in us-east-1 that has a Single-AZ 2 deployment type. Use AWS Backup to
create a daily backup plan that includes a backup rule that copies the backup to us-west-2. Configure AWS Backup Vault Lock
in compliance mode for a target vault in us-west-2. Configure a minimum duration of 5 years.
B. Create an FSx for Windows File Server file system in us-east-1 that has a Multi-AZ deployment type. Use AWS Backup to
create a daily backup plan that includes a backup rule that copies the backup to us-west-2. Configure AWS Backup Vault Lock
in governance mode for a target vault in us-west-2. Configure a minimum duration of 5 years.
C. Create an FSx for Windows File Server file system in us-east-1 that has a Multi-AZ deployment type. Use AWS Backup to
create a daily backup plan that includes a backup rule that copies the backup to us-west-2. Configure AWS Backup Vault Lock
in compliance mode for a target vault in us-west-2. Configure a minimum duration of 5 years. Most Voted
D. Create an FSx for Windows File Server file system in us-east-1 that has a Single-AZ 2 deployment type. Use AWS Backup to
create a daily backup plan that includes a backup rule that copies the backup to us-west-2. Configure AWS Backup Vault Lock
in governance mode for a target vault in us-west-2. Configure a minimum duration of 5 years.
Comments
taustin2 Highly Voted 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Need to use Compliance Mode, so it's either A or C. RPO leads to Multi-AZ so C.
upvoted 13 times
KennethNg923 1 year, 11 months ago
Agree Compliance Mode with Multi-AZ
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
high availability = multi AZ
data must be retained for 5 years = compliance mode
upvoted 5 times
TheLaPlanta 2 years, 2 months ago
No HA was mentioned though. But RPO leads to that, so IDK
upvoted 2 times
dilaaziz Most Recent 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/vault-lock.html
upvoted 3 times
thanhnv142 2 years, 7 months ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
C is correct.
A and C is potential answer because they mention compliance mode. But single AZ is recommended for test and development only. For production
workloads, we need multi AZ, which is C
upvoted 3 times
Xin123 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Trust me bro
upvoted 4 times