A company manages an application that stores data on an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL Multi-AZ DB instance. Increases in traffic
are causing performance problems. The company determines that database queries are the primary reason for the slow
performance.
What should a solutions architect do to improve the application's performance?
A. Serve read traffic from the Multi-AZ standby replica.
B. Configure the DB instance to use Transfer Acceleration.
C. Create a read replica from the source DB instance. Serve read traffic from the read replica. Most Voted
D. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose between the application and Amazon RDS to increase the concurrency of database
requests.
Comments
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
A Multi-AZ DB instance Creates a primary DB instance with one standby DB instance in a different Availability Zone. Using a Multi-AZ DB instance
provides high availability, but the standby DB instance doesn't support connections for read workloads.
Therefore you will need to create a read replica from the source DB instance then serve read traffic from the read replica.
upvoted 7 times
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Read replica split for read traffic will distribute the overall load and improve the performance.
A: Standby replica cannot serve traffic (Correct me if I am wrong here)
B: Transfer Accelerator is to speed up S3 traffic. Not the case here
D: Kiensis will increase concurrency but won't solve the DB performance issues
upvoted 5 times
potomac Most Recent 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
you can’t read from the standby DB instance. If applications require more read capacity, you should create or add additional read replicas.
upvoted 3 times
warp 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
After you create a read replica from a source DB instance, the source becomes the primary DB instance. When you make updates to the primary DB
instance, Amazon RDS copies them asynchronously to the read replica.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_ReadRepl.html
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)