A company runs a web application on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group that has a target group. The company
designed the application to work with session affinity (sticky sessions) for a better user experience.
The application must be available publicly over the internet as an endpoint. A WAF must be applied to the endpoint for additional
security. Session affinity (sticky sessions) must be configured on the endpoint.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Create a public Network Load Balancer. Specify the application target group.
B. Create a Gateway Load Balancer. Specify the application target group.
C. Create a public Application Load Balancer. Specify the application target group. Most Voted
D. Create a second target group. Add Elastic IP addresses to the EC2 instances.
E. Create a web ACL in AWS WAF. Associate the web ACL with the endpoint Most Voted
Comments
ferdzcruz 2 years, 4 months ago
CE.
C. application = ALB
E. WAF to endpoint
upvoted 4 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: CE
NLB and GLB cannot handle sticky sessions. It's an application level concept (Cookies) so ALB works.
Elastic IP will negate sticky sessions and this combination won't work.
E give proper permissions to WAF
upvoted 4 times
tonybuivannghia 1 year, 7 months ago
I agree with you CE is correct but your explanation is wrong. NLB, ALB and CLB can handle sticky sessions. But the WAF is just only working with
ALB, so ALB is correct.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 6 months ago
After a little digging, turns out NLBs only offer IP-based stickiness, which is not ideal for web applications where many users might share the same
public IP address (due to NAT oh well). Cookie-based stickiness offered by ALBs is more appropriate.
PS. Sticky sessions are not supported if you are using TLS termination on NLB. If you need TLS termination and sticky sessions, you should use ALB
as well.
upvoted 1 times
Mikado211 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: CE
- Make it accessible from the web + sticky session == Public ALB
- Additional security == web ACL in WAF (and integrate the web ACL to the ALB)
upvoted 2 times
ZZZ_Sleep 2 years, 5 months ago
Correct Answer: CE
Community vote distribution
CE (100%)
Selected Answer: CE
session affinity (sticky sessions) = Application Load Balancer
WAF must be applied to the endpoint for additional security = web ACL in WAF
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: CE
Session Affinity = Application Load Balancer
Create a public Application Load Balancer. Specify the application target group then create a web ACL in AWS WAF. Associate the web ACL with the
ALB endpoint.
upvoted 3 times