A company has an online gaming application that has TCP and UDP multiplayer gaming capabilities. The company uses Amazon
Route 53 to point the application traffic to multiple Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in different AWS Regions. The company needs
to improve application performance and decrease latency for the online game in preparation for user growth.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the NLBs. Increase the Cache-Control max-age parameter.
B. Replace the NLBs with Application Load Balancers (ALBs). Configure Route 53 to use latency-based routing.
C. Add AWS Global Accelerator in front of the NLBs. Configure a Global Accelerator endpoint to use the correct listener ports.
Most Voted
D. Add an Amazon API Gateway endpoint behind the NLBs. Enable API caching. Override method caching for the different
stages.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The key considerations are:
The application uses TCP and UDP for multiplayer gaming, so Network Load Balancers (NLBs) are appropriate.
AWS Global Accelerator can be added in front of the NLBs to improve performance and reduce latency by intelligently routing traffic across AWS
Regions and Availability Zones.
Global Accelerator provides static anycast IP addresses that act as a fixed entry point to application endpoints in the optimal AWS location. This
improves availability and reduces latency.
The Global Accelerator endpoint can be configured with the correct NLB listener ports for TCP and UDP.
upvoted 6 times
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
TCP ,UDP, Gaming = global accelerator and Network Load Balancer
upvoted 5 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A: CloudFront is for caching. Not required
B: ALB is for HTTP layer, won't help with TCP UDP issues
D: API Gateway, API Caching total rubbish, ignore this option
C: Is correct as Global Accelerator uses unicast for reducing latency globbally.
upvoted 2 times
Henrytml 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
only b and c handle TCP/UDP, and C comes with accelerator to enhance performance
upvoted 2 times
manuh 2 years, 5 months ago
Does alb handle udp? Can u share a source?
upvoted 1 times
alexandercamachop 2 years, 6 months ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
Selected Answer: C
UDP and TCP is AWS Global accelarator as it works in the Transportation layer.
Now this with NLB is perfect.
upvoted 3 times
oras2023 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is helping to reduce latency for end clients
upvoted 3 times