A company has an on-premises data center that is running out of storage capacity. The company wants to migrate its storage
infrastructure to AWS while minimizing bandwidth costs. The solution must allow for immediate retrieval of data at no additional
cost.
How can these requirements be met?
A. Deploy Amazon S3 Glacier Vault and enable expedited retrieval. Enable provisioned retrieval capacity for the workload.
B. Deploy AWS Storage Gateway using cached volumes. Use Storage Gateway to store data in Amazon S3 while retaining
copies of frequently accessed data subsets locally. Most Voted
C. Deploy AWS Storage Gateway using stored volumes to store data locally. Use Storage Gateway to asynchronously back up
point-in-time snapshots of the data to Amazon S3.
D. Deploy AWS Direct Connect to connect with the on-premises data center. Configure AWS Storage Gateway to store data
locally. Use Storage Gateway to asynchronously back up point-in-time snapshots of the data to Amazon S3.
Comments
67a3f49 Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
B is the correct one because:
"A company has an on-premises data center that is running out of storage capacity".
So when they keep data on-premis and do the backup to S3 they'll run out of data and this is not their purpose.
upvoted 10 times
Sergantus 1 year, 7 months ago
Storage Gateway in Stored mode DOS does NOT improve capacity – the main copy of data is stored on the gateway. It's B for that same reason
upvoted 1 times
JCVDB23 Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B. Deploy AWS Storage Gateway using cached volumes. Use Storage Gateway to store data in Amazon S3 while retaining copies of frequently
accessed data subsets locally.
AWS Storage Gateway’s cached volumes let you use Amazon S3 as your primary data storage while retaining frequently accessed data locally in your
storage gateway. Cached volumes minimize the need to scale your on-premises storage infrastructure, while still providing your applications with
low-latency access to their frequently accessed data. All data transferred between your gateway and AWS storage is encrypted for security. You can
also save on data transfer costs as AWS Storage Gateway compresses all data transferred between the gateway and AWS, allowing you to store more
data in AWS while reducing your data transfer costs.
upvoted 7 times
ln2718 Most Recent 10 months, 2 weeks ago
Selected Answer: C
I'm going with answer C for all the reasons mentioned. The stored volumes is better in this case for the parameters specified including cost.
upvoted 1 times
TEC65 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
they want to limit onsite storage
upvoted 1 times
tch 1 year, 4 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (58%)
C (42%)
Selected Answer: B
In the cached Volume Gateway mode, your primary data is stored in Amazon S3, while retaining your frequently accessed data locally in the cache fo
low latency access. In the stored Volume Gateway mode, your primary data is stored locally and your entire dataset is available for low latency access
on premises while also asynchronously getting backed up to Amazon S3
upvoted 2 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Another headache one. Well, I'll go for B for now.
A - Really cost-effective, but immediate retrievals incurs additional costs.
B - Less optimal for datasets where most data is accessed frequently and must be immediately available locally.
C - The on-prem data center "is running out of storage capacity". Then why store everything locally? Why even migrate storage infrastructure to
AWS...
D - Like C, and also, bandwidth costs are not acceptable.
upvoted 1 times
Lin878 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I vote "C" because Question doesn't mention to access frequent data. If they want access frequent data, I will vote "B" with cached volume.
upvoted 1 times
1e22522 1 year, 10 months ago
you don't fool me bezos boy
upvoted 3 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AnswerB
I think B answer is the best option here. We will store only data which are frequently accessed and all other we will sent to the cloud. So we will have
access to all data but hence most frequently accessed data will be stored in On-Premises Cache we will not pay a lot of additionally $$ for data
transfer if any.
upvoted 1 times
ike001 1 year, 12 months ago
C is the correct. answer
upvoted 1 times
mohammadthainat 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
1- "The company wants to migrate its storage infrastructure to AWS" ->> B as data will be migrated to AWS.
2- "The solution must allow for immediate retrieval of data at no additional cost." ->> B as data will be stored in S3 Standard storage class which
provide immediate data retrieval
upvoted 3 times
gsgdga 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
immediate retrieval of data → shoud have full data set on-premises => stored volumes AWS Storage Gateway
upvoted 4 times
rubiteb 2 years, 3 months ago
B - as the company is migrating their data to AWS so data has to be stored in the cloud.
upvoted 2 times
osmk 2 years, 3 months ago
C>>>
Cached Mode: In this mode, your primary data resides in Amazon S3, while frequently accessed data is cached locally for low-latency access.
Stored Mode: Here, your entire dataset is stored locally, allowing low-latency access on premises. Simultaneously, the data is asynchronously backed
up to Amazon S3.
upvoted 4 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
How does that address the fact the company is "running out of storage capacity"?
upvoted 1 times
BillaRanga 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
D -> It takes One month to set up AWS Direct Connect setup
A -> No sense as it talks nothing about On-Prem
B -> Cached volume only stores frequently access data On-Prem, But requirement tells "Data" so we assume it tells All data
C -> Correct, as Stored volumes stores everything in Storage Gateway On-Prem while asynchronously backing up to the cloud
upvoted 5 times
xBUGx 2 years, 2 months ago
i was voting for C, but C doesnt solve on prem out of capacity issue.
upvoted 1 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
D: It never said one month would be a problem.. Question doesn't state a matter of urgency, but it still stores the data on-prem, and synchronizes
to AWS.
C: The same issue as D. Stores data locally, but our on-prem storage is full. Thats why the company wants cloud.
A: Has retrieval costs.
upvoted 1 times
jaswantn 2 years, 4 months ago
option C... data being accessible through stored volume reduces bandwidth cost and provides immediate retrieval of data.
upvoted 2 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option C, as it makes all the data available for low-latency access.
upvoted 2 times