A company hosts an application on Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances in an Auto Scaling group. Application peak hours occur at
the same time each day. Application users report slow application performance at the start of peak hours. The application
performs normally 2-3 hours after peak hours begin. The company wants to ensure that the application works properly at the start
of peak hours.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic properly to the instances.
B. Configure a dynamic scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to launch new instances based on memory utilization.
C. Configure a dynamic scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to launch new instances based on CPU utilization.
D. Configure a scheduled scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to launch new instances before peak hours. Most Voted
Comments
ZZZ_Sleep Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
occur at the same time each day = predictable
So, scheduled scaling policy, Answer is D.
Dynamic scaling policy work for unpredictable
upvoted 8 times
Arnaud92 Highly Voted 2 years ago
D. The application performs normally 2-3 hours after peak hours begin is a key! (schedule policy)
upvoted 5 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
ABC won't solve the performance issues at the start of peak hours.
D ensure that application is ready for use during the peak hours by scheduling an early launch
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
Techincally both dynamic and scheduled scaling would work but there is strict requirement for the application to work properly at the start of peak
hours and no mention of cost.
So scheduled scaling policy it is.
upvoted 4 times
TOR_0511 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
Application users report slow application performance at the start of peak hours. The company wants to ensure that the application works properly
at the start of peak hours
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)