A company is developing a mobile game that streams score updates to a backend processor and then posts results on a
leaderboard. A solutions architect needs to design a solution that can handle large traffic spikes, process the mobile game
updates in order of receipt, and store the processed updates in a highly available database. The company also wants to minimize
the management overhead required to maintain the solution.
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Push score updates to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Process the updates in Kinesis Data Streams with AWS Lambda. Store
the processed updates in Amazon DynamoDB. Most Voted
B. Push score updates to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Process the updates with a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances set up for
Auto Scaling. Store the processed updates in Amazon Redshift.
C. Push score updates to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Subscribe an AWS Lambda function to
the SNS topic to process the updates. Store the processed updates in a SQL database running on Amazon EC2.
D. Push score updates to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Use a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances with
Auto Scaling to process the updates in the SQS queue. Store the processed updates in an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance.
Comments
BillaRanga Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
requirement -1: "Stream + process in order + Minimum Overhead" = Kinesis Data Stream + Lambda
requirement-2: "Highly available database + Min Management overhead" = DynamoDb
Setting Up Ec2 instance or MultiAZ DB = overhead
upvoted 12 times
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option A
upvoted 8 times
Scheldon Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AnswerA
upvoted 2 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
Even though it looks like SQS, but EC2 and Multi-AZ DB fail when it comes to minimal operational overhead.
upvoted 4 times
mohammadthainat 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
easy one: mobile game ->> DynamoDB
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)