A company's infrastructure consists of hundreds of Amazon EC2 instances that use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
storage. A solutions architect must ensure that every EC2 instance can be recovered after a disaster.
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement with the LEAST amount of effort?
A. Take a snapshot of the EBS storage that is attached to each EC2 instance. Create an AWS CloudFormation template to launch
new EC2 instances from the EBS storage.
B. Take a snapshot of the EBS storage that is attached to each EC2 instance. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk to set the environment
based on the EC2 template and attach the EBS storage.
C. Use AWS Backup to set up a backup plan for the entire group of EC2 instances. Use the AWS Backup API or the AWS CLI to
speed up the restore process for multiple EC2 instances. Most Voted
D. Create an AWS Lambda function to take a snapshot of the EBS storage that is attached to each EC2 instance and copy the
Amazon Machine Images (AMIs). Create another Lambda function to perform the restores with the copied AMIs and attach the
EBS storage.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The key reasons are:
AWS Backup automates backup of resources like EBS volumes. It allows defining backup policies for groups of resources. This removes the need to
manually create backups for each resource.
The AWS Backup API and CLI allow programmatic control of backup plans and restores. This enables restoring hundreds of EC2 instances
programmatically after a disaster instead of manually.
AWS Backup handles cleanup of old backups based on policies to minimize storage costs.
upvoted 14 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A - Manually managing templates for hundreds of EC2 instances is TOO MUCH WORK.
B - Beanstalk is designed for managing application environments, not backups.
C - AWS Backup API or CLI simplifies bulk restore operations. YES.
D - Never create a lambda function when there's already to tool to do that and you need minimal effort. This is true for almost all the questions in
this list.
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
LEAST amount of effort = AWS Backup
upvoted 3 times
Chiquitabandita 1 year, 6 months ago
for the question, I would choose C as well, AWS Backup of the EC2, but design, why would anything of importance be on the Ec2 that would need to
be restored? Shouldn't any critical or important data be on the EBS volumes in this example or similar location?
upvoted 3 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 6 months ago
There are actually scenarios where an EC2 instance itself might still need restoration, even when EBS is being used for storage.
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
1. Some workloads may have specific configurations or dependencies baked into the EC2 instance itself, like custom softwares and OS-level configs
2. Some applications may be running on EC2 relies on temporary but critical data stored on the instance's root volume.
3. Some stateful applications might store temporary state information locally on the EC2 instance. If this state isn’t externalized (like DynamoDB,
Redis, or EFS), then recovery is needed.
upvoted 1 times
taustin2 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Going with Backup. Can restore programmatically using Backup API.
upvoted 3 times