To meet security requirements, a company needs to encrypt all of its application data in transit while communicating with an
Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance. A recent security audit revealed that encryption at rest is enabled using AWS Key Management
Service (AWS KMS), but data in transit is not enabled.
What should a solutions architect do to satisfy the security requirements?
A. Enable IAM database authentication on the database.
B. Provide self-signed certificates. Use the certificates in all connections to the RDS instance.
C. Take a snapshot of the RDS instance. Restore the snapshot to a new instance with encryption enabled.
D. Download AWS-provided root certificates. Provide the certificates in all connections to the RDS instance. Most Voted
Comments
BillaRanga Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Amazon RDS creates an SSL certificate and installs the certificate on the DB instance when the instance is provisioned. So it is AWS provided.
upvoted 13 times
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option D
upvoted 5 times
Arad Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is the correct answer
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Why D is correct:
To encrypt data in transit to an RDS MySQL instance, you need to configure the database connection to use TLS/SSL, which requires using AWS-
provided root certificates to establish a secure connection.
upvoted 3 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Why other options are incorrect:
A (IAM database authentication): While important for user access control, this does not address data encryption in transit.
B (Self-signed certificates): Using self-signed certificates is not recommended for production environments as they cannot be verified by the client
and might raise security concerns.
C (Snapshot and restore): Taking a snapshot and restoring to a new instance with encryption enabled only affects data at rest, not data in transit.
upvoted 2 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
From Google AI Search:
Key point: To encrypt data in transit to an RDS instance, ensure your application uses the appropriate AWS-provided root certificates to establish a
secure TLS/SSL connection.
upvoted 1 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (81%)
A (19%)
Selected Answer: D
AnswerD
upvoted 2 times
DAIYL 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
Even if IAM database authentication is enabled, clients still need to download and configure the AWS-provided root certificate to ensure a secure
connection using SSL/TLS encryption. Without configuring the certificate, communication may not be fully encrypted, even with IAM authentication
enabled.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/zh_cn/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/UsingWithRDS.SSL.html
upvoted 4 times
Nm55569 2 years ago
That's not in any of the answers - "Provide the certificates in all connections to the RDS instance." this doesn't make sense with option D - it's not
saying configure to trust the CA. Answer can only be option A. Your link includes this "Optionally, your SSL/TLS connection can perform server
identity verification by validating the server certificate installed on your database.". This you don't actually need to trust the using CA and can
configure the app that way - the traffic is still encrypted though.
upvoted 3 times
Kezuko 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/UsingWithRDS.IAMDBAuth.html
upvoted 4 times
Sivaeas 2 years, 3 months ago
Optiona A:
IAM database authentication provides the following benefits:
Network traffic to and from the database is encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) or Transport Layer Security (TLS). For more information about
using SSL/TLS with Amazon RDS, see Using SSL/TLS to encrypt a connection to a DB instance or cluster.
upvoted 4 times