A company uses Amazon S3 to store high-resolution pictures in an S3 bucket. To minimize application changes, the company
stores the pictures as the latest version of an S3 object. The company needs to retain only the two most recent versions of the
pictures.
The company wants to reduce costs. The company has identified the S3 bucket as a large expense.
Which solution will reduce the S3 costs with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use S3 Lifecycle to delete expired object versions and retain the two most recent versions. Most Voted
B. Use an AWS Lambda function to check for older versions and delete all but the two most recent versions.
C. Use S3 Batch Operations to delete noncurrent object versions and retain only the two most recent versions.
D. Deactivate versioning on the S3 bucket and retain the two most recent versions.
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
S3 Lifecycle policies allow you to define rules that automatically transition or expire objects based on their age or other criteria. By configuring an S3
Lifecycle policy to delete expired object versions and retain only the two most recent versions, you can effectively manage the storage costs while
maintaining the desired retention policy. This solution is highly automated and requires minimal operational overhead as the lifecycle management i
handled by S3 itself.
upvoted 6 times
VellaDevil Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A --> "you can also provide a maximum number of noncurrent versions to retain."
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/intro-lifecycle-rules.html
upvoted 5 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
B: Too much work with Lambda
C: Possible but requires lot of work
D: Oxymoron statement... i.e. how do you remove version and retain version at same time without additional overhead? Custom solution may be
more work.
A: S3 Lifecycle is designed to retain object and version with set criteria
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Use S3 Lifecycle to delete expired object versions and retain the two most recent versions.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
S3 Lifecycle to the rescue...whoooosh
upvoted 3 times
antropaws 2 years, 6 months ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
Selected Answer: A
A is correct.
upvoted 3 times
Konb 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Agree with LONGMEN
upvoted 4 times