A company is designing a web application on AWS. The application will use a VPN connection between the company’s existing
data centers and the company's VPCs.
The company uses Amazon Route 53 as its DNS service. The application must use private DNS records to communicate with the
on-premises services from a VPC.
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST secure manner?
A. Create a Route 53 Resolver outbound endpoint. Create a resolver rule. Associate the resolver rule with the VPC. Most Voted
B. Create a Route 53 Resolver inbound endpoint. Create a resolver rule. Associate the resolver rule with the VPC.
C. Create a Route 53 private hosted zone. Associate the private hosted zone with the VPC.
D. Create a Route 53 public hosted zone. Create a record for each service to allow service communication
Comments
haci Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
If you have workloads that leverage both VPCs and on-premises resources, you also need to resolve DNS records hosted on-premises. Similarly,
these on-premises resources may need to resolve names hosted on AWS. Through Resolver endpoints and conditional forwarding rules, you can
resolve DNS queries between your on-premises resources and VPCs to create a hybrid cloud setup over VPN or Direct Connect (DX). Specifically:
Inbound Resolver endpoints allow DNS queries to your VPC from your on-premises network or another VPC.
Outbound Resolver endpoints allow DNS queries from your VPC to your on-premises network or another VPC.
Reference: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/resolver.html
upvoted 18 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Right to the point!
upvoted 2 times
JCVDB23 Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Amazon Route 53 Resolver provides DNS resolution for VPCs and on-premises networks over a Direct Connect or VPN connection. An outbound
resolver endpoint forwards DNS queries from your VPC to your on-premises DNS service. A resolver rule specifies the domain names for the DNS
queries that you want to forward (such as example.com), and the IP addresses of the DNS resolvers in your on-premises network.
Option C is not suitable because private hosted zones are used to route traffic within a VPC
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/architecture/using-route-53-private-hosted-zones-for-cross-account-multi-region-architectures/
upvoted 6 times
Joshua721 Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Inbound Resolver endpoints allow DNS queries to your VPC from your on-premises network or another VPC.
Outbound Resolver endpoints allow DNS queries from your VPC to your on-premises network or another VPC.
Resolver rules enable you to create one forwarding rule for each domain name and specify the name of the domain for which you want to forward
DNS queries from your VPC to an on-premises DNS resolver and from your on-premises to your VPC. Rules are applied directly to your VPC and can
be shared across multiple accounts.
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (88%)
12%
upvoted 2 times
Duddle88 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
"The company uses Amazon Route 53 as its DNS service" THERE IS NO DNS ON-PREMISES
Private DNS Resolution: It allows you to create DNS records that are only accessible within your VPC, ensuring secure and private communication
between your AWS resources and on-premises network.
Forwarding DNS Queries: This is useful if you need to forward DNS queries from your VPC to your on-premises DNS servers. It’s typically used when
you have existing DNS infrastructure on-premises that you want to continue using.
upvoted 2 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AWS <-> On-premises = Route 53 Resolver
- Outbound Resolver = From your VPC (AWS) to On-premises or another VPC
- Inbound Resolver = From on-premises network or another VPC TO your VPC.
upvoted 3 times
Jacky_S 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The reason why i vote on C, because the question mentioned that "The company uses Amazon Route53 as it's DNS service" and did not mention that
is using multiple accounts, so it should be the most secure way to just add the record in it's private host zone of it's own account due to dns
poisoning concern.
Of cause, i totally agree on A if the dns zone owner is in on-premises dns server which reduce the operation efforts.
upvoted 3 times
cjace 1 year, 12 months ago
C. Create a Route 53 private hosted zone. Associate the private hosted zone with the VPC.
This setup allows the application within the VPC to resolve DNS queries using private DNS records, ensuring that the communication remains within
the AWS network and is not exposed to the public internet. Associating the private hosted zone with the VPC ensures that only the resources within
the VPC can resolve the DNS queries, maintaining a secure environment for application and on-premises service communication.
The outbound resolver endpoint and rule would be more relevant if the requirement was for resources within the VPC to resolve DNS queries for
domain names that are located in the on-premises network. In that case, the outbound resolver would forward queries from the VPC to the on-
premises DNS server for resolution. However, for private DNS communication from the VPC to on-premises services, the private hosted zone is the
most secure method.
upvoted 3 times
alawada 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Amazon Route 53 Resolver provides DNS resolution for VPCs and on-premises networks
upvoted 2 times
anikolov 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Should be A "Create a Route 53 Resolver outbound endpoint."
upvoted 5 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Looks correct
upvoted 2 times