An international company has a subdomain for each country that the company operates in. The subdomains are formatted as
example.com, country1.example.com, and country2.example.com. The company's workloads are behind an Application Load
Balancer. The company wants to encrypt the website data that is in transit.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Use the AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) console to request a public certificate for the apex top domain example com and a
wildcard certificate for *.example.com. Most Voted
B. Use the AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) console to request a private certificate for the apex top domain example.com and a
wildcard certificate for *.example.com.
C. Use the AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) console to request a public and private certificate for the apex top domain
example.com.
D. Validate domain ownership by email address. Switch to DNS validation by adding the required DNS records to the DNS
provider.
E. Validate domain ownership for the domain by adding the required DNS records to the DNS provider. Most Voted
Comments
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AE
B is private certificate so won't help as that is for internal use
C is for apex domain only and won't help with wildcard domain
A is correct
DE are both doable as per these articles
D: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/acm/latest/userguide/dns-validation.html
E: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/acm/latest/userguide/domain-ownership-validation.html
D is less applicable because it does not say if R53 is being used for DNS. You only validate ownership to R53
C makes more sense as it applies to both R53 and other DNS providers
upvoted 9 times
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: AE
Validate domain ownership for the domain by adding the required DNS records to the DNS provider then use the AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)
console to request a public certificate for the apex top domain example com and a wildcard certificate for *.example.com
upvoted 5 times
cciesam Most Recent 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: AE
AE correct
upvoted 2 times
potomac 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: AE
BCD are wrong
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: AE
Community vote distribution
AE (100%)
t0nx 2 years ago
Why E and not D ?
upvoted 1 times
Cyberkayu 1 year, 11 months ago
need to put A-record and CNAME in public DNS record to proof you are the legal owner of the domain name.
upvoted 4 times