A company has migrated a two-tier application from its on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud. The data tier is a Multi-AZ
deployment of Amazon RDS for Oracle with 12 TB of General Purpose SSD Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) storage. The
application is designed to process and store documents in the database as binary large objects (blobs) with an average document
size of 6 MB.
The database size has grown over time, reducing the performance and increasing the cost of storage. The company must improve
the database performance and needs a solution that is highly available and resilient.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Reduce the RDS DB instance size. Increase the storage capacity to 24 TiB. Change the storage type to Magnetic.
B. Increase the RDS DB instance size. Increase the storage capacity to 24 TiChange the storage type to Provisioned IOPS.
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. Update the application to store documents in the S3 bucket. Store the object metadata in the
existing database. Most Voted
D. Create an Amazon DynamoDB table. Update the application to use DynamoDB. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS
DMS) to migrate data from the Oracle database to DynamoDB.
Comments
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
When using BLOB, always try to pick a solution with S3.
upvoted 6 times
ferdzcruz Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
process and store documents as objects. S3 is known for object storage.
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
MOST cost-effectively = store the objects in S3, and object metadata in the existing DB.
upvoted 4 times
taustin2 2 years, 2 months ago
DynamoDB's limit on the size of each record is 400KB, so D is wrong.
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. Update the application to store documents in the S3 bucket. Store the object metadata in the existing database.
upvoted 4 times
taustin2 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Storing the blobs in the db is more expensive than s3 with references in the db.
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)