A company hosts multiple applications on AWS for different product lines. The applications use different compute resources,
including Amazon EC2 instances and Application Load Balancers. The applications run in different AWS accounts under the same
organization in AWS Organizations across multiple AWS Regions. Teams for each product line have tagged each compute resource
in the individual accounts.
The company wants more details about the cost for each product line from the consolidated billing feature in Organizations.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Select a specific AWS generated tag in the AWS Billing console.
B. Select a specific user-defined tag in the AWS Billing console. Most Voted
C. Select a specific user-defined tag in the AWS Resource Groups console.
D. Activate the selected tag from each AWS account.
E. Activate the selected tag from the Organizations management account. Most Voted
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: BE
The reasons are:
User-defined tags were created by each product team to identify resources. Selecting the relevant tag in the Billing console will group costs.
The tag must be activated from the Organizations management account to consolidate billing across all accounts.
AWS generated tags are predefined by AWS and won't align to product lines.
Resource Groups (Option C) helps manage resources but not billing.
Activating the tag from each account (Option D) is not needed since Organizations centralizes billing.
upvoted 12 times
adiorsdior999 1 year, 7 months ago
Resource Groups helps grouping, editing, searching tag for resources, and do not use for viewing cost details
upvoted 2 times
potomac Most Recent 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: BE
Your user-defined cost allocation tags represent the tag key, which you activate in the Billing console.
upvoted 2 times
mrsoa 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: BE
BE BE BE BE
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: BE
Community vote distribution
BE (100%)
Kiki_Pass 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: BE
"Only a management account in an organization and single accounts that aren't members of an organization have access to the cost allocation tags
manager in the Billing and Cost Management console."
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/custom-tags.html
upvoted 4 times