A company wants to monitor its AWS costs for financial review. The cloud operations team is designing an architecture in the AWS
Organizations management account to query AWS Cost and Usage Reports for all member accounts. The team must run this
query once a month and provide a detailed analysis of the bill.
Which solution is the MOST scalable and cost-effective way to meet these requirements?
A. Enable Cost and Usage Reports in the management account. Deliver reports to Amazon Kinesis. Use Amazon EMR for
analysis.
B. Enable Cost and Usage Reports in the management account. Deliver the reports to Amazon S3 Use Amazon Athena for
analysis. Most Voted
C. Enable Cost and Usage Reports for member accounts. Deliver the reports to Amazon S3 Use Amazon Redshift for analysis.
D. Enable Cost and Usage Reports for member accounts. Deliver the reports to Amazon Kinesis. Use Amazon QuickSight tor
analysis.
Comments
NickGordon Highly Voted 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/analyze-amazon-s3-storage-costs-using-aws-cost-and-usage-reports-amazon-s3-inventory-and-amazon-
athena/
upvoted 6 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - EMR is powerful for large-scale data processing, but is overkill for a monthly query since neither Kinesis nor EMR is cost-effective for infrequent
processing.
B - Cost and Usage Reports are already optimized for S3 delivery, and Athena directly integrates with S3.
C & D - Delivering reports for each member account creates redundant data. That mean extra time, extra work to do manually, extra money to cost,
and extra account to manage.
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Scalable and cost-effective way = Enable Cost and Usage Reports in the management account. Deliver the reports to Amazon S3 Use Amazon Athena
for analysis
upvoted 4 times
potomac 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B
once a month
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)