A company uses AWS Cost Explorer to monitor its AWS costs. The company notices that Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
storage and snapshot costs increase every month. However, the company does not purchase additional EBS storage every month.
The company wants to optimize monthly costs for its current storage usage.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs to monitor the storage utilization of Amazon EBS. Use Amazon EBS Elastic Volumes to
reduce the size of the EBS volumes.
B. Use a custom script to monitor space usage. Use Amazon EBS Elastic Volumes to reduce the size of the EBS volumes.
C. Delete all expired and unused snapshots to reduce snapshot costs.
D. Delete all nonessential snapshots. Use Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager to create and manage the snapshots according to
the company's snapshot policy requirements. Most Voted
Comments
t0nx Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
This option involves managing snapshots efficiently to optimize costs with minimal operational overhead.
Delete all nonessential snapshots: This reduces costs by eliminating unnecessary snapshot storage.
Use Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager (DLM): DLM can automate the creation and deletion of snapshots based on defined policies. This reduces
operational overhead by automating snapshot management according to the company's snapshot policy requirements.
upvoted 8 times
JA2018 Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Allows the user to manage snapshots efficiently for cost optimization with the LEAST operational overhead.
#1: Delete all nonessential snapshots: This reduces costs by eliminating unnecessary storage used by such snapshots.
#2: Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager (DLM): This AWS managed service can automate the creation and deletion process of snapshots based on
defined policies. Automating snapshot management according to snapshot policy requirements helps to cut down operational overhead .
upvoted 1 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Least operational overhead for your snapshot management is https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/snapshot-lifecycle.html
C will just do it once but assuming they want an ongoing solution.
A: It will help with EBS size but won't fix the snapshot problems
B: Same as A, nothing to do with snapshos
upvoted 4 times
xBUGx 2 years, 2 months ago
Q says The company wants to optimize monthly costs for its current storage usage. I think they only want to do it once?
upvoted 1 times
KennethNg923 1 year, 11 months ago
I think "optimize monthly costs" include future monthly cost as well, so D is better than C
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/snapshot-lifecycle.html
upvoted 4 times