A company is deploying a new application to Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with an AWS Fargate cluster. The
application needs a storage solution for data persistence. The solution must be highly available and fault tolerant. The solution
also must be shared between multiple application containers.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes in the same Availability Zones where EKS worker nodes are placed.
Register the volumes in a StorageClass object on an EKS cluster. Use EBS Multi-Attach to share the data between containers.
B. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Register the file system in a StorageClass object on an EKS
cluster. Use the same file system for all containers. Most Voted
C. Create an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Register the volume in a StorageClass object on an EKS cluster.
Use the same volume for all containers.
D. Create Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file systems in the same Availability Zones where EKS worker nodes are
placed. Register the file systems in a StorageClass object on an EKS cluster. Create an AWS Lambda function to synchronize the
data between file systems.
Comments
boluwatito Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Overall, Amazon EFS provides a highly available, fault-tolerant, and shared storage solution with minimal operational overhead, making it the ideal
choice for persisting data in an Amazon EKS Fargate cluster.
upvoted 5 times
TruthWS Most Recent 1 year, 8 months ago
B bcs EBS only attack one EC2
upvoted 3 times
asdfcdsxdfc 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B looks correct
upvoted 3 times
Naveena_Devanga 1 year, 9 months ago
B, The solution also must be shared between multiple application containers so attaching to each container is not a practical solution.
upvoted 4 times
Marunio 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is correct answer because it is high available - EBS isnt HA for that so A isn't dealing with request.
upvoted 3 times
jaswantn 1 year, 10 months ago
Option A... EBS with multi attach does not provide HA so option B is more appropriate.
upvoted 2 times
dkw2342 1 year, 8 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
It's just plain wrong. Not getting HA with EBS multi attach is really the least of your problems. Mounting a regular FS in read/write mode on more
than one machine will cause data corruption. You'd need a clustered filesystem.
upvoted 2 times
Andy_09 1 year, 10 months ago
Correct answer is B
upvoted 4 times