A company recently migrated its web application to the AWS Cloud. The company uses an Amazon EC2 instance to run multiple
processes to host the application. The processes include an Apache web server that serves static content. The Apache web server
makes requests to a PHP application that uses a local Redis server for user sessions.
The company wants to redesign the architecture to be highly available and to use AWS managed solutions.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk to host the static content and the PHP application. Configure Elastic Beanstalk to deploy its EC2
instance into a public subnet. Assign a public IP address.
B. Use AWS Lambda to host the static content and the PHP application. Use an Amazon API Gateway REST API to proxy
requests to the Lambda function. Set the API Gateway CORS configuration to respond to the domain name. Configure Amazon
ElastiCache for Redis to handle session information.
C. Keep the backend code on the EC2 instance. Create an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster that has Multi-AZ enabled.
Configure the ElastiCache for Redis cluster in cluster mode. Copy the frontend resources to Amazon S3. Configure the backend
code to reference the EC2 instance.
D. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an Amazon S3 endpoint to an S3 bucket that is configured to host the
static content. Configure an Application Load Balancer that targets an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service
that runs AWS Fargate tasks for the PHP application. Configure the PHP application to use an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis
cluster that runs in multiple Availability Zones. Most Voted
Comments
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Key requirements: HA and Managed Services
Key components: PHP, Static content, Redis Elasticache
AB are instantly useless for static content scaling
C could work but is less managed and "configure the backend code to reference EC2 instance" makes no sense
D ECS+Linux+PHP is good managed combination when used with Fargate. S3 for static is well-architected. Multi-AZ ECache for Redis is HA also.
Good managed solution for all purposes.
upvoted 5 times
ferdzcruz Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
D. ECS + Fargate
Company wants to redesign the architecture = from Server to serverless, and managed by AWS .
upvoted 4 times
evelynsun 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: D
This solution meets the requirements because it uses AWS managed solutions for hosting the static content and the PHP application. It also uses
Amazon ECS to run the PHP application in a highly available and scalable manner. The solution also uses Amazon ElastiCache for Redis to handle
session information, which is highly available and scalable. The solution also uses Amazon CloudFront to provide a secure and reliable way to deliver
the static content to users.
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an Amazon S3 endpoint to an S3 bucket that is configured to host the static content. Configure
an Application Load Balancer that targets an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service that runs AWS Fargate tasks for the PHP
application. Configure the PHP application to use an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster that runs in multiple Availability Zones.
upvoted 3 times