A company stores sensitive data in Amazon S3. A solutions architect needs to create an encryption solution. The company needs
to fully control the ability of users to create, rotate, and disable encryption keys with minimal effort for any data that must be
encrypted.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use default server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3) to store the sensitive data.
B. Create a customer managed key by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Use the new key to encrypt the S3
objects by using server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). Most Voted
C. Create an AWS managed key by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Use the new key to encrypt the S3 objects
by using server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS).
D. Download S3 objects to an Amazon EC2 instance. Encrypt the objects by using customer managed keys. Upload the
encrypted objects back into Amazon S3.
Comments
meenkaza Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
SSE-KMS with Customer Managed Key (Option B): This option allows you to create a customer managed key using AWS KMS. With a customer
managed key, you have full control over key lifecycle management, including the ability to create, rotate, and disable keys with minimal effort. SSE-
KMS also integrates with AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) for fine-grained access control.
upvoted 11 times
MatAlves Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Having both awsgeek75 and pentium75 in the comment section makes me more confident about my own answers.
upvoted 6 times
rubiteb Most Recent 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Customer needs to control the 'user's ability' and not the management of the keys. Option C will prevent users to have this ability.
upvoted 1 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Has to be customer manages to AC are not useful
D is just wrong way of doing this
B give full control to customer while using S3 server side encryption.
upvoted 3 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A and C do not allow the company "to fully control the ability of users to create, rotate, and disable encryption keys". D is anything but "minimal
effort".
upvoted 4 times
Riajul 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (96%)
4%
Option B should be correct
upvoted 3 times