A company plans to migrate to AWS and use Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances for its application. During the migration testing
phase, a technical team observes that the application takes a long time to launch and load memory to become fully productive.
Which solution will reduce the launch time of the application during the next testing phase?
A. Launch two or more EC2 On-Demand Instances. Turn on auto scaling features and make the EC2 On-Demand Instances
available during the next testing phase.
B. Launch EC2 Spot Instances to support the application and to scale the application so it is available during the next testing
phase.
C. Launch the EC2 On-Demand Instances with hibernation turned on. Configure EC2 Auto Scaling warm pools during the next
testing phase. Most Voted
D. Launch EC2 On-Demand Instances with Capacity Reservations. Start additional EC2 instances during the next testing phase.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Using EC2 hibernation and Auto Scaling warm pools will help address this:
Hibernation saves the in-memory state of the EC2 instance to persistent storage and shuts the instance down. When the instance is started again, the
in-memory state is restored, which launches much faster than launching a new instance.
Warm pools pre-initialize EC2 instances and keep them ready to fulfill requests, reducing launch time. The hibernated instances can be added to a
warm pool.
When auto scaling scales out during the next testing phase, it will be able to launch instances from the warm pool rapidly since they are already
initialized
upvoted 8 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/ec2-auto-scaling-warm-pools.html
upvoted 3 times
riyasara 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon EC2 hibernation and warm pool
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
If an instance or application takes a long time to bootstrap and build a memory footprint in order to become fully productive, you can use
hibernation to pre-warm the instance. To pre-warm the instance, you:
Launch it with hibernation enabled.
Bring it to a desired state.
Hibernate it so that it's ready to be resumed to the desired state whenever needed.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Hibernate.html#:~:text=you%20can%20use-,hibernation,-to%20pre%2Dwarm
upvoted 4 times
potomac 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
With Amazon EC2 hibernation enabled, you can maintain your EC2 instances in a "pre-warmed" state so these can get to a productive state faster.
upvoted 3 times
tabbyDolly 2 years, 2 months ago
C: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Hibernate.html
upvoted 3 times
ralfj 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
just use hibernation option so you won't load the full EC2 Instance
upvoted 2 times