A company needs to integrate with a third-party data feed. The data feed sends a webhook to notify an external service when new
data is ready for consumption. A developer wrote an AWS Lambda function to retrieve data when the company receives a
webhook callback. The developer must make the Lambda function available for the third party to call.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?
A. Create a function URL for the Lambda function. Provide the Lambda function URL to the third party for the webhook.
Most Voted
B. Deploy an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in front of the Lambda function. Provide the ALB URL to the third party for the
webhook.
C. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Attach the topic to the Lambda function. Provide the
public hostname of the SNS topic to the third party for the webhook.
D. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Attach the queue to the Lambda function. Provide the
public hostname of the SQS queue to the third party for the webhook.
Comments
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A function URL is a dedicated HTTP(S) endpoint for your Lambda function. When you create a function URL, Lambda automatically generates a
unique URL endpoint for you.
upvoted 9 times
james2033 Highly Voted 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Keyword "Lambda function" and "webhook". See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-saas-furls.html#create-stripe-cfn-
stack
upvoted 6 times
emakid Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AWS Lambda can provide a URL to call using Function URLs. This is a relatively new feature in AWS Lambda that allows you to create HTTPS
endpoints for your Lambda functions, making it easy to invoke the function directly over the web.
Key Features of Lambda Function URLs:
Direct Access: Provides a simple and direct way to call a Lambda function via an HTTP(S) request.
Easy Configuration: You can create a function URL for a Lambda function using the AWS Management Console, AWS CLI, or AWS SDKs.
Managed Service: AWS manages the infrastructure for you, handling scaling, patching, and maintenance.
Security: You can configure authentication and authorization using AWS IAM or AWS Lambda function URL settings.
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Apart from simplest and most operational, I think A is the only option that will work!
BCD cannot even be implemented in real world imho. Happy to be corrected
upvoted 3 times
Orit 2 years, 6 months ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
B is the answerThe best solution to make the Lambda function available for the third party to call with the MOST operational efficiency is to deploy
an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in front of the Lambda function and provide the ALB URL to the third party for the webhook. This solution is the
most efficient because it allows the third party to call the Lambda function without having to worry about managing the Lambda function's
availability or scaling. The ALB will automatically distribute traffic across multiple Lambda functions, if necessary, and will also provide redundancy in
case of a failure.
upvoted 1 times
hro 2 years, 2 months ago
I believe you are correct. Lambda functions as targets - implementing ALBs
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/lambda-functions.html
upvoted 1 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The key points:
A Lambda function needs to be invoked by a third party via a webhook.
Using a function URL provides a direct invoke endpoint for the Lambda function. This is simple and efficient.
Options B, C, and D insert unnecessary components like ALB, SNS, SQS between the webhook and the Lambda function. These add complexity
without benefit.
A function URL can be generated and provided to the third party quickly without additional infrastructure.
upvoted 5 times
Abrar2022 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
key word: Lambda function URLs
upvoted 3 times
maver144 2 years, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-urls.html
upvoted 2 times
jkhan2405 3 years ago
Selected Answer: A
It's A
upvoted 2 times
alexandercamachop 3 years ago
Selected Answer: A
A would seem like the correct one but not sure.
upvoted 2 times