A recent analysis of a company's IT expenses highlights the need to reduce backup costs. The company's chief information officer
wants to simplify the on-premises backup infrastructure and reduce costs by eliminating the use of physical backup tapes. The
company must preserve the existing investment in the on-premises backup applications and workflows.
What should a solutions architect recommend?
A. Set up AWS Storage Gateway to connect with the backup applications using the NFS interface.
B. Set up an Amazon EFS file system that connects with the backup applications using the NFS interface.
C. Set up an Amazon EFS file system that connects with the backup applications using the iSCSI interface.
D. Set up AWS Storage Gateway to connect with the backup applications using the iSCSI-virtual tape library (VTL) interface.
Most Voted
Comments
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Tape... lol
The company must preserve it's existing investment so they want to keep using existing applications. This means EFS won't work. and NFS may not
be compatible. VTL is the only thing that may be compatible with an application workflow that backups to tapes.
Who the hell comes up with these questions!
upvoted 7 times
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
Use Tape Gateway to replace physical tapes on premises with virtual tapes on AWS—reducing your data storage costs without changing your tape-
based backup workflows. Tape Gateway supports all leading backup applications and caches virtual tapes on premises for low-latency data access. It
compresses your tape data, encrypts it, and stores it in a virtual tape library in Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3). From there, you can
transfer it to either Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval or Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive to help minimize your long-term storage costs.
https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/vtl/#:~:text=Use-,Tape%20Gateway,-to%20replace%20physical
upvoted 5 times
Nisarg2121 Most Recent 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
Tape Gateway is use for attache with app.
upvoted 4 times
gouranga45 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Option says it all
upvoted 4 times
Po_chih 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Tape Gateway enables you to replace using physical tapes on premises with virtual tapes in AWS without changing existing backup workflows. Tape
Gateway supports all leading backup applications and caches virtual tapes on premises for low-latency data access. Tape Gateway encrypts data
between the gateway and AWS for secure data transfer, and compresses data and transitions virtual tapes between Amazon S3 and Amazon S3
Glacier Flexible Retrieval, or Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive, to minimize storage costs.
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
upvoted 3 times
ssa03 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/vtl/?nc1=h_ls
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Set up AWS Storage Gateway to connect with the backup applications using the iSCSI-virtual tape library (VTL) interface.
upvoted 2 times
Bmaster 2 years, 4 months ago
D is correct
https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/vtl/?nc1=h_ls
upvoted 2 times