A company runs an application in a VPC with public and private subnets. The VPC extends across multiple Availability Zones. The
application runs on Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets. The application uses an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon
SQS) queue.
A solutions architect needs to design a secure solution to establish a connection between the EC2 instances and the SQS queue.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Implement an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon SQS. Configure the endpoint to use the private subnets. Add to the
endpoint a security group that has an inbound access rule that allows traffic from the EC2 instances that are in the private
subnets. Most Voted
B. Implement an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon SQS. Configure the endpoint to use the public subnets. Attach to the
interface endpoint a VPC endpoint policy that allows access from the EC2 instances that are in the private subnets.
C. Implement an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon SQS. Configure the endpoint to use the public subnets. Attach an
Amazon SQS access policy to the interface VPC endpoint that allows requests from only a specified VPC endpoint.
D. Implement a gateway endpoint for Amazon SQS. Add a NAT gateway to the private subnets. Attach an IAM role to the EC2
instances that allows access to the SQS queue.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
An interface VPC endpoint is a private way to connect to AWS services without having to expose your VPC to the public internet. This is the most
secure way to connect to Amazon SQS from the private subnets.
Configuring the endpoint to use the private subnets ensures that the traffic between the EC2 instances and the SQS queue is only within the VPC.
This helps to protect the traffic from being intercepted by a malicious actor.
Adding a security group to the endpoint that has an inbound access rule that allows traffic from the EC2 instances that are in the private subnets
further restricts the traffic to only the authorized sources. This helps to prevent unauthorized access to the SQS queue.
upvoted 12 times
Bmaster Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
A is correct.
B,C: 'Configuring endpoints to use public subnets' --> Invalid
D: No Gateway Endpoint for SQS.
upvoted 6 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
BC are using public subnets so not useful for security
D uses gateway endpoint which is not useful to connect to SQS
A: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/aws-services-privatelink-support.html
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 10 months ago
Sorry, the link is wrong for A. Please ignore it!
upvoted 2 times
ShawnTang 1 year, 12 months ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
A seems the most suitable,
but security group can't add to the endpoint derectly, right?
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer is A
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Interface endpoints enable connectivity to services over AWS PrivateLink. It is a collection of one or more elastic network interfaces with a private IP
address that serves as an entry point for traffic destined to a supported service.
Implement an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon SQS. Configure the endpoint to use the private subnets. Add to the endpoint a security group that
has an inbound access rule that allows traffic from the EC2 instances that are in the private subnets.
upvoted 2 times
potomac 2 years, 1 month ago
A is correct
upvoted 2 times
mrsoa 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
I think its A
upvoted 2 times