A company wants to standardize its Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume encryption strategy. The company also
wants to minimize the cost and configuration effort required to operate the volume encryption check.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Write API calls to describe the EBS volumes and to confirm the EBS volumes are encrypted. Use Amazon EventBridge to
schedule an AWS Lambda function to run the API calls.
B. Write API calls to describe the EBS volumes and to confirm the EBS volumes are encrypted. Run the API calls on an AWS
Fargate task.
C. Create an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy that requires the use of tags on EBS volumes. Use AWS Cost
Explorer to display resources that are not properly tagged. Encrypt the untagged resources manually.
D. Create an AWS Config rule for Amazon EBS to evaluate if a volume is encrypted and to flag the volume if it is not encrypted.
Most Voted
Comments
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
D: no-brainer.
upvoted 1 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D looks right
upvoted 3 times
bodakrishna 2 years, 3 months ago
AWS Config allows you to define rules to automatically check the configuration of AWS resources against desired configurations. By creating a
custom AWS Config rule specifically for Amazon EBS volumes to evaluate if they are encrypted, you can ensure consistent encryption across all
volumes. If a volume is found to be unencrypted, it can be flagged for further action. This solution automates the process of encryption checking,
minimizing manual effort and ensuring standardization across the environment. Additionally, AWS Config provides a cost-effective solution
compared to continuously running scripts or tasks.
upvoted 3 times
mestule 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources. It can check whether your resource
comply with certain conditions (such as being encrypted), and it can flag or take action on resources that do not comply.
upvoted 4 times
betttty 2 years, 4 months ago
D :
you could use a managed rule to quickly start assessing whether your Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes are encrypted or whether
specific tags are applied to your resources.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/evaluate-config_use-managed-rules.html
upvoted 4 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Correct answer is D
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)