A company has a new mobile app. Anywhere in the world, users can see local news on topics they choose. Users also can post
photos and videos from inside the app.
Users access content often in the first minutes after the content is posted. New content quickly replaces older content, and then
the older content disappears. The local nature of the news means that users consume 90% of the content within the AWS Region
where it is uploaded.
Which solution will optimize the user experience by providing the LOWEST latency for content uploads?
A. Upload and store content in Amazon S3. Use Amazon CloudFront for the uploads.
B. Upload and store content in Amazon S3. Use S3 Transfer Acceleration for the uploads. Most Voted
C. Upload content to Amazon EC2 instances in the Region that is closest to the user. Copy the data to Amazon S3.
D. Upload and store content in Amazon S3 in the Region that is closest to the user. Use multiple distributions of Amazon
CloudFront.
Comments
Cali182 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Cloudfront is for reading not for uploading
Option B
upvoted 18 times
Salilgen 1 year, 5 months ago
I don't think so
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/amazon-cloudfront-content-uploads-post-put-other-methods/
upvoted 1 times
BillaRanga Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Question says - " LOWEST latency for content uploads"
Hence Use S3 Transfer Acceleration for the uploads.
upvoted 14 times
flaviobrf Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Cloudfront can also upload data, not just for caching content
upvoted 2 times
flaviobrf 1 year, 10 months ago
Sorry, for this scenario, i believe that B its the correct
upvoted 1 times
ike001 1 year, 12 months ago
B is the answer
upvoted 2 times
7fb06b3 2 years ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (88%)
12%
Selected Answer: D
CloudFront does support upload acceleration
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/amazon-cloudfront-content-uploads-post-put-other-methods/
upvoted 3 times
TruthWS 2 years, 2 months ago
Option D
upvoted 2 times
alawada 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration utilizes Amazon CloudFront's globally distributed edge locations to accelerate content uploads to Amazon S3.
upvoted 3 times
xBUGx 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3TA is acturally using cloudfront's infrastructure.
So, yes B. Which is just an optimized solution for cloudfront itself.
upvoted 2 times
Ipergorta 2 years, 2 months ago
Option D
Regional S3 Buckets: Storing content in S3 buckets located in the same Region as the user minimizes the physical distance the data needs to travel
during upload, reducing latency.
CloudFront Distributions: CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) that caches content in edge locations around the world. By creating
multiple CloudFront distributions with edge locations closest to users, the content can be served with minimal latency for downloads.
upvoted 3 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option D
upvoted 4 times
jaswantn 2 years, 4 months ago
option B... S3 transfer acceleration for LOWEST latency for content uploads. question is not asking for low latency for content retrieval.
Happy to be corrected
upvoted 4 times