A company has an application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances in a private subnet. The application needs to process sensitive
information from an Amazon S3 bucket. The application must not use the internet to connect to the S3 bucket.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure an internet gateway. Update the S3 bucket policy to allow access from the internet gateway. Update the
application to use the new internet gateway.
B. Configure a VPN connection. Update the S3 bucket policy to allow access from the VPN connection. Update the application
to use the new VPN connection.
C. Configure a NAT gateway. Update the S3 bucket policy to allow access from the NAT gateway. Update the application to use
the new NAT gateway.
D. Configure a VPC endpoint. Update the S3 bucket policy to allow access from the VPC endpoint. Update the application to
use the new VPC endpoint. Most Voted
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
The solution that will meet these requirements is to:
Configure a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3
Update the S3 bucket policy to allow access from the VPC endpoint
Update the application to use the new VPC endpoint
The key reasons are:
VPC endpoints allow private connectivity from VPCs to AWS services like S3 without using an internet gateway.
The application can connect to S3 through the VPC endpoint while remaining in the private subnet, without internet access.
upvoted 8 times
ferdzcruz Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
D.
VPC endpoint = not internet, direct access from VPC to S3
upvoted 3 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-privatelink/what-are-vpc-endpoints.html
upvoted 3 times
achechen 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
Answer is D
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
application must not use the internet to connect to the S3 bucket = VPC endpoint
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
taustin2 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
VPC Endpoint for S3.
upvoted 2 times
aleariva 2 years, 2 months ago
D is the correct...https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-privatelink/what-are-vpc-endpoints.html
upvoted 1 times
awslearnerin2022 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
VPC endpoint enables communication between VPC subnet and S3 bucket.
upvoted 1 times
nnecode 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A VPC endpoint is a managed endpoint in your VPC that is connected to a public AWS service. It provides a private connection between your VPC
and the service, and it does not require an internet gateway or a NAT device.
Option A (internet gateway) would involve exposing the S3 bucket to the internet, which is not recommended for security reasons.
Option B (VPN connection) would require additional setup and would still involve traffic going over the internet.
Option C (NAT gateway) is used for outbound internet access from private subnets, not for accessing S3 without the internet.
upvoted 4 times