An IoT company is releasing a mattress that has sensors to collect data about a user’s sleep. The sensors will send data to an
Amazon S3 bucket. The sensors collect approximately 2 MB of data every night for each mattress. The company must process and
summarize the data for each mattress. The results need to be available as soon as possible. Data processing will require 1 GB of
memory and will finish within 30 seconds.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Use AWS Glue with a Scala job
B. Use Amazon EMR with an Apache Spark script
C. Use AWS Lambda with a Python script Most Voted
D. Use AWS Glue with a PySpark job
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS Lambda charges you based on the number of invocations and the execution time of your function. Since the data processing job is relatively
small (2 MB of data), Lambda is a cost-effective choice. You only pay for the actual usage without the need to provision and maintain infrastructure.
upvoted 7 times
joechen2023 2 years, 5 months ago
but the question states "Data processing will require 1 GB of memory and will finish within 30 seconds." so it can't be C as Lambda support
maximum 512M
upvoted 2 times
DougZ 11 months, 1 week ago
As it only needs 30 seconds, Lambda (max 15 mins) should be a good candidate
upvoted 1 times
nilandd44gg 2 years, 4 months ago
C is valid.
Lambda quotas:
Memory - 128 MB to 10,240 MB, in 1-MB increments.
Note: Lambda allocates CPU power in proportion to the amount of memory configured. You can increase or decrease the memory and CPU power
allocated to your function using the Memory (MB) setting. At 1,769 MB, a function has the equivalent of one vCPU.
Function timeout 900 seconds (15 minutes)
4 KB, for all environment variables associated with the function, in aggregate
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/gettingstarted-limits.html
upvoted 3 times
BillaRanga 1 year, 10 months ago
Lambda can support upto 10 GB, But 512M is under free tier
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The data processing is lightweight, only requiring 1 GB memory and finishing in under 30 seconds. Lambda is designed for short, transient workloads
like this.
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
Lambda scales automatically, invoking the function as needed when new data arrives. No servers to manage.
Lambda has a very low cost. You only pay for the compute time used to run the function, billed in 100ms increments. Much cheaper than
provisioning EMR or Glue.
Processing can begin as soon as new data hits the S3 bucket by triggering the Lambda function. Provides low latency.
upvoted 5 times
Chiquitabandita Most Recent 2 years, 1 month ago
I understand C is a common answer "throw Lambda" seems to be a common theme for questions that need processing under 15 minutes for the
test. but in reality, can the other solutions be viable options as well?
upvoted 4 times
Mikado211 2 years ago
That's the point here, technically all the options are good and will work, but since we are on a small amount of data Lambda will be the cheapest
one, usually Glue or EMR will be kept for a big amount of data.
Here is a topic where people did a comparison in comments : https://www.reddit.com/r/aws/comments/9umxv1/aws_glue_vs_lambda_costbenefit/
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
"processing will require 1 GB of memory and will finish within 30 seconds", perfect for AWS Lambda.
upvoted 5 times
antropaws 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I reckon C, but I would consider other well founded options.
upvoted 3 times
nosense 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
c anyway the MOST cost-effectively
upvoted 3 times