A marketing company receives a large amount of new clickstream data in Amazon S3 from a marketing campaign. The company
needs to analyze the clickstream data in Amazon S3 quickly. Then the company needs to determine whether to process the data
further in the data pipeline.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create external tables in a Spark catalog. Configure jobs in AWS Glue to query the data.
B. Configure an AWS Glue crawler to crawl the data. Configure Amazon Athena to query the data. Most Voted
C. Create external tables in a Hive metastore. Configure Spark jobs in Amazon EMR to query the data.
D. Configure an AWS Glue crawler to crawl the data. Configure Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics to use SQL to query the data.
Comments
meenkaza Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AWS Glue with Athena (Option B): AWS Glue is a fully managed extract, transform, and load (ETL) service, and Athena is a serverless query service tha
allows you to analyze data directly in Amazon S3 using SQL queries. By configuring an AWS Glue crawler to crawl the data, you can create a schema
for the data, and then use Athena to query the data directly without the need to load it into a separate database. This minimizes operational
overhead.
upvoted 7 times
pentium75 Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Neither Glue nor EMR nor Kinesis are used "to query the data"
upvoted 5 times
Johnoppong101 Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
You`ve come a loooong way...keep going...
Kinesis Data Analytics applications continuously read and process streaming data in real time.
Data is already at rest in S3. So Athena.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kinesisanalytics/latest/dev/how-it-works.html
upvoted 3 times
bogdannb 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
It says to quickly analyze the data, Athena can’t do it so it’s D
upvoted 2 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
But Athena can directly access S3
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
requirement: LEAST operational overhead
upvoted 1 times
OSHOAIB 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (90%)
10%
Option B - leverages serverless services that minimise management tasks and allows the company to focus on querying and analysing the data with
the LEAST operational overhead.
upvoted 3 times