A solutions architect is designing the storage architecture for a new web application used for storing and viewing engineering
drawings. All application components will be deployed on the AWS infrastructure.
The application design must support caching to minimize the amount of time that users wait for the engineering drawings to load.
The application must be able to store petabytes of data.
Which combination of storage and caching should the solutions architect use?
A. Amazon S3 with Amazon CloudFront Most Voted
B. Amazon S3 Glacier with Amazon ElastiCache
C. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes with Amazon CloudFront
D. AWS Storage Gateway with Amazon ElastiCache
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The key reasons are:
S3 provides highly durable and scalable object storage capable of handling petabytes of data cost-effectively.
CloudFront can be used to cache S3 content at the edge, minimizing latency for users and speeding up access to the engineering drawings.
The global CloudFront edge network is ideal for caching large amounts of static media like drawings.
EBS provides block storage but lacks the scale and durability of S3 for large media files.
Glacier is cheaper archival storage but has higher latency unsuited for frequent access.
Storage Gateway and ElastiCache may play a role but do not align as well to the main requirements.
upvoted 6 times
Bmaster Highly Voted 2 years, 10 months ago
A is correct
upvoted 5 times
Gape4 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
I think the answer is A.
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Petabyte data on AWS infra with high performance
B is Glacier so slow
C EBS for petabyte data doesn't work
D Storage gateway is for on premise connectivity which is not required
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Storing and viewing engineering drawings = Amazon S3
Support caching to minimize the amount of time that users wait for the engineering drawings to load = Amazon CloudFront
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
wsdasdasdqwdaw 2 years, 7 months ago
CF caching and S3 supports petabytes data
upvoted 3 times
lemur88 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
CF allows caching
upvoted 2 times
mrsoa 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The answer seems A:
B : Glacier for archiving
C : i dont think EBS scale to petabytes (I am not sure about that)
D : it incorrect becasueAll application components will be deployed on the AWS infrastructur
upvoted 3 times