A company runs applications on Amazon EC2 instances in one AWS Region. The company wants to back up the EC2 instances to a
second Region. The company also wants to provision EC2 resources in the second Region and manage the EC2 instances centrally
from one AWS account.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Create a disaster recovery (DR) plan that has a similar number of EC2 instances in the second Region. Configure data
replication.
B. Create point-in-time Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots of the EC2 instances. Copy the snapshots to the
second Region periodically.
C. Create a backup plan by using AWS Backup. Configure cross-Region backup to the second Region for the EC2 instances.
Most Voted
D. Deploy a similar number of EC2 instances in the second Region. Use AWS DataSync to transfer the data from the source
Region to the second Region.
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 3 years ago
Selected Answer: C
Using AWS Backup, you can create backup plans that automate the backup process for your EC2 instances. By configuring cross-Region backup, you
can ensure that backups are replicated to the second Region, providing a disaster recovery capability. This solution is cost-effective as it leverages
AWS Backup's built-in features and eliminates the need for manual snapshot management or deploying and managing additional EC2 instances in
the second Region.
upvoted 8 times
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is the most cost-effective solution that meets all the requirements.
AWS Backup provides automated backups across Regions for EC2 instances. This handles the backup requirement.
AWS Backup is more cost-effective for cross-Region EC2 backups than using EBS snapshots manually or DataSync.
upvoted 5 times
wizcloudifa 2 years, 1 month ago
Well Datasync is to transfer data from on-prem to AWS rather than AWS R1 to R2, and it is use for a one-time migration rather than repetitive data
migration activities like backups hence its out(on so many levels)
upvoted 2 times
elmyth Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
We have implemented solution similar to B, it's really small and simple script, so we don't have much manual work here, and it's really the most cost-
effective.
upvoted 3 times
Certibanksman 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B (EBS snapshots with cross-Region copy) is the most cost-effective solution for backing up EC2 instances to a second Region while allowing
for centralized management and easy recovery when needed.
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (63%)
B (25%)
13%
upvoted 3 times
Daminaij 1 year, 9 months ago
The answer is c
upvoted 1 times
bogobob 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
How does AWS Backup address that "The company also wants to provision EC2 resources in the second Region"?
upvoted 3 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
How do A, B or D address that? They want to "provision EC2 resources", nobody says that this should be copies of the existing servers. And if it
should be copies of the existing servers, wouldn't we need the same (not "a similar") number of servers? We have no idea how many applications on
how many servers they have.
upvoted 3 times
NSA_Poker 2 years ago
With AWS Backup you can 'back up the EC2 instances to a second Region' by implementing cross-Region backup & 'provision EC2 resources in the
second Region' by restoring the backup using the AWS Backup console.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/restore-resource.html
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS backup
upvoted 2 times
omoakin 3 years ago
CCCCC
. Create a backup plan by using AWS Backup. Configure cross-Region backup to the second Region for the EC2 instances.
upvoted 1 times
Blingy 3 years ago
CCCCCCC
upvoted 2 times
Efren 3 years ago
C, i would say same, always AWS Backup
upvoted 1 times