A company wants to migrate its on-premises Microsoft SQL Server Enterprise edition database to AWS. The company's online
application uses the database to process transactions. The data analysis team uses the same production database to run reports
for analytical processing. The company wants to reduce operational overhead by moving to managed services wherever possible.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Migrate to Amazon RDS for Microsoft SOL Server. Use read replicas for reporting purposes Most Voted
B. Migrate to Microsoft SQL Server on Amazon EC2. Use Always On read replicas for reporting purposes
C. Migrate to Amazon DynamoDB. Use DynamoDB on-demand replicas for reporting purposes
D. Migrate to Amazon Aurora MySQL. Use Aurora read replicas for reporting purposes
Comments
BillaRanga Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
B - Not the LEAST operational Overhead.
C - It is No-Sql - Not compatible with SQL server which is SQL
D - MS Sql Server to MySQL may miss out some SQL Server functionalities.
A - Read replicas for RDS is easy to create and also it is Asynchronous which should not be a problem for the analytics teams as they can bear 2-3
minutes delay
upvoted 7 times
potomac Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
A is the only choice
upvoted 6 times
Firdous586 Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
A is the correct answer since RDS supports OLAP
And aurora OLTP
upvoted 5 times
superalaga 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
You can migrate with both A&B but option A is LEAST operational overhead/
A: https://aws.amazon.com/tutorials/move-to-managed/migrate-sql-server-to-amazon-rds/
B: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/patterns/migrate-a-microsoft-sql-server-database-to-aurora-mysql-by-using-aws-dms
and-aws-sct.html
upvoted 6 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
Only Amazon RDS allows the creation of readable standby DB instances.
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)