A company runs a real-time data ingestion solution on AWS. The solution consists of the most recent version of Amazon Managed
Streaming for Apache Kafka (Amazon MSK). The solution is deployed in a VPC in private subnets across three Availability Zones.
A solutions architect needs to redesign the data ingestion solution to be publicly available over the internet. The data in transit
must also be encrypted.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?
A. Configure public subnets in the existing VPC. Deploy an MSK cluster in the public subnets. Update the MSK cluster security
settings to enable mutual TLS authentication. Most Voted
B. Create a new VPC that has public subnets. Deploy an MSK cluster in the public subnets. Update the MSK cluster security
settings to enable mutual TLS authentication.
C. Deploy an Application Load Balancer (ALB) that uses private subnets. Configure an ALB security group inbound rule to allow
inbound traffic from the VPC CIDR block for HTTPS protocol.
D. Deploy a Network Load Balancer (NLB) that uses private subnets. Configure an NLB listener for HTTPS communication over
the internet.
Comments
haci Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Since we are talking about real-time data (UDP packets) ALB is not a viable solution. You don't need to listen HTTPS, so D is eliminated. If you create
a new VPC, you must create link between the old one and this is not mentioned in B. So It is A for me.
upvoted 11 times
Dantecito Most Recent 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D. NLB forward traffic from the internet to private subnet where the cluster is. MSK use layer 4.
A. B. use public subnets exposing the cluster
C. Similar to D but MSK requires a Layer 4.
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
For MSK to get public access, you must associate it with a public subnet, so rule out C and D, B is to create a new VPC, which is more complicated
and more operations, so A is correct.
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
To turn on public access to an MSK Provisioned cluster, first ensure that the cluster meets all of the following conditions:
The subnets that are associated with the cluster must be public. Each public subnet has a public IPv4 address associated with it and public IPv4
addresses are priced as shown in Amazon VPC pricing page. This means that the subnets must have an associated route table with an internet
gateway attached. For information about how to create and attach an internet gateway, see Enable VPC internet access using internet gateways in
the Amazon VPC User Guide.
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (96%)
4%
Unauthenticated access control must be off and at least one of the following access-control methods must be on: SASL/IAM, SASL/SCRAM, mTLS.
For information about how to update the access-control method of a cluster, see Update security settings of a Amazon MSK cluster.
upvoted 1 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
"You can turn on public access to an MSK cluster at no additional cost...
To turn on public access to a cluster, first ensure that the cluster meets all of the following conditions:
- The subnets that are associated with the cluster must be public.
- Unauthenticated access control must be off and at least one of the following access-control methods must be on: SASL/IAM, SASL/SCRAM, mTLS.
- ..."
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/msk/latest/developerguide/public-access.html
upvoted 4 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
There is no reference to a NEW VPC being required in the documentation. We can simply configure subnets in the existing VPC.
upvoted 2 times
Scheldon 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AnswerA
I need to agree that answer will probably be Option A.
upvoted 1 times
Indrasis 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is correct
upvoted 2 times
Marunio 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A, since Kafka is loadbalancing itself. - https://dattell.com/data-architecture-blog/load-balancing-with-
kafka/#:~:text=Load%20balancing%20with%20Kafka%20is,partitions%20while%20preserving%20message%20ordering.
B - why create new VPC?
C / D - Kafka is loadbalacing itself, also NLB can't handle HTTPS.
upvoted 3 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Option A
upvoted 4 times