A company runs a three-tier application in a VPC. The database tier uses an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance.
The company plans to migrate the RDS for MySQL DB instance to an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster. The company needs
a solution that replicates the data changes that happen during the migration to the new database.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) Schema Conversion to transform the database objects. Most Voted
B. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) Schema Conversion to create an Aurora PostgreSQL read replica on the
RDS for MySQL DB instance.
C. Configure an Aurora MySQL read replica for the RDS for MySQL DB instance.
D. Define an AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) task with change data capture (CDC) to migrate the data. Most Voted
E. Promote the Aurora PostgreSQL read replica to a standalone Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster when the replica lag is zero.
Comments
h0ng97_spare_002 Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
A: Correct. because need convert from MySQL to PostgreSQL
B: Wrong. Schema Conversion does not create an Aurora read replica
C: Wrong. Company wants to migrate to Aurora PostgreSQL, not Aurora MySQL
D: Correct. CDC task helps to capture ongoing change from source data store
E: Wrong. Although using Aurora Read Replica is an option for DB migration within the same Region, this question is asking for "combination of
steps", which this option does not have another compatible option to pair with
Therefore, answer is "AD"
upvoted 8 times
mestule Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
AD makes sense to me, but I am not sure if that's the best answer.
upvoted 6 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Agreed. AD makes more sense !!
upvoted 4 times
Scheldon Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
AnswerAD
upvoted 2 times
xBUGx 2 years, 2 months ago
Lag many never be zero, then it will ne er be promoted to primary
upvoted 2 times
haci 2 years, 3 months ago
Correct Answer: AD
Community vote distribution
AD (100%)
Selected Answer: AD
It's quite similar with Q.235, based on that discussion A-D makes more sense.
upvoted 4 times
1e22522 1 year, 10 months ago
of course, sin mas
upvoted 1 times
Andy_09 2 years, 4 months ago
Correct answer BE
upvoted 4 times