A company runs a web application on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer that
has sticky sessions enabled. The web server currently hosts the user session state. The company wants to ensure high availability
and avoid user session state loss in the event of a web server outage.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached instance to store the session data. Update the application to use ElastiCache for
Memcached to store the session state.
B. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis to store the session state. Update the application to use ElastiCache for Redis to store the
session state. Most Voted
C. Use an AWS Storage Gateway cached volume to store session data. Update the application to use AWS Storage Gateway
cached volume to store the session state.
D. Use Amazon RDS to store the session state. Update the application to use Amazon RDS to store the session state.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The key points are:
ElastiCache Redis provides in-memory caching that can deliver microsecond latency for session data.
Redis supports replication and multi-AZ which can provide high availability for the cache.
The application can be updated to store session data in ElastiCache Redis rather than locally on the web servers.
If a web server fails, the user can be routed via the load balancer to another web server which can retrieve their session data from the highly available
ElastiCache Redis cluster.
upvoted 9 times
czyboi Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
high availability => use redis instead of Elastich memcache
upvoted 5 times
emakid Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B: Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis to store the session state. Update the application to use ElastiCache for Redis to store the session state.
Explanation: Amazon ElastiCache for Redis is suitable for session state storage because Redis provides both in-memory data storage and persistence
options. Redis supports features like replication, persistence, and high availability (through Redis Sentinel or clusters). This ensures that session state
is preserved and available even if individual web servers fail.
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
As Memcached is not HA
upvoted 4 times
SHAAHIBHUSHANAWS 2 years, 6 months ago
A
As cache needs to be distributed as ALB is used.
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (91%)
9%
upvoted 1 times
potomac 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is correct
upvoted 3 times
franbarberan 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Elastic cache is Only for RDS
upvoted 3 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Since when?
upvoted 4 times
gispankaj 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
redis is correct since it provides high availability and data persistance
upvoted 5 times
Eminenza22 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is the correct answer. It suggests using Amazon ElastiCache for Redis to store the session state. Update the application to use ElastiCache for Redis
to store the session state. This solution is cost-effective and requires minimal development effort.
upvoted 4 times