A company has an application with a REST-based interface that allows data to be received in near-real time from a third-party
vendor. Once received, the application processes and stores the data for further analysis. The application is running on Amazon
EC2 instances.
The third-party vendor has received many 503 Service Unavailable Errors when sending data to the application. When the data
volume spikes, the compute capacity reaches its maximum limit and the application is unable to process all requests.
Which design should a solutions architect recommend to provide a more scalable solution?
A. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to ingest the data. Process the data using AWS Lambda functions. Most Voted
B. Use Amazon API Gateway on top of the existing application. Create a usage plan with a quota limit for the third-party
vendor.
C. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to ingest the data. Put the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group
behind an Application Load Balancer.
D. Repackage the application as a container. Deploy the application using Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
using the EC2 launch type with an Auto Scaling group.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The key reasons are:
Kinesis Data Streams provides an auto-scaling stream that can handle large amounts of streaming data ingestion and throughput. This removes the
bottlenecks around receiving the data.
AWS Lambda can process and store the data in a scalable serverless manner, avoiding EC2 capacity limits.
API Gateway adds API management capabilities but does not improve the underlying scalability of the EC2 application.
SNS is for event publishing/notifications, not large scale data ingestion. ECS still relies on EC2 capacity.
upvoted 7 times
taustin2 Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
For near-real time data ingest and processing, Kinesis and Lambda are most scalable choice.
upvoted 5 times
zdi561 Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A change the whole architect, B adding a API gateway to make the app more scalable not perfect as in A it may not be possible within budget,
deadline, Yes, AWS API Gateway significantly contributes to making an application more scalable by handling a large volume of concurrent API
requests, automatically managing traffic distribution, it can cache response and allow asyn call
upvoted 1 times
ferdzcruz 1 year, 10 months ago
A.
Kinesis Data Streams = near realtime and scalable
AWS Lambda functions = scalable
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (94%)
6%
Selected Answer: A
more scalable solution? = serverless = Amazon Kinesis Data Streams and AWS Lambda functions
upvoted 3 times
wsdasdasdqwdaw 2 years, 1 month ago
Only A is pure serverless which means scale. A for sure.
upvoted 2 times