A company has Amazon EC2 instances that run nightly batch jobs to process data. The EC2 instances run in an Auto Scaling group
that uses On-Demand billing. If a job fails on one instance, another instance will reprocess the job. The batch jobs run between
12:00 AM and 06:00 AM local time every day.
Which solution will provide EC2 instances to meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Purchase a 1-year Savings Plan for Amazon EC2 that covers the instance family of the Auto Scaling group that the batch job
uses.
B. Purchase a 1-year Reserved Instance for the specific instance type and operating system of the instances in the Auto Scaling
group that the batch job uses.
C. Create a new launch template for the Auto Scaling group. Set the instances to Spot Instances. Set a policy to scale out based
on CPU usage. Most Voted
D. Create a new launch template for the Auto Scaling group. Increase the instance size. Set a policy to scale out based on CPU
usage.
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Purchasing a 1-year Savings Plan (option A) or a 1-year Reserved Instance (option B) may provide cost savings, but they are more suitable for long-
running, steady-state workloads. Since your batch jobs run for a specific period each day, using Spot Instances with the ability to scale out based on
CPU usage is a more cost-effective choice.
upvoted 15 times
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is the most cost-effective solution in this scenario.
Using Spot Instances allows EC2 capacity to be purchased at significant discounts compared to On-Demand prices. The auto scaling group can scale
out to add Spot Instances when needed for the batch jobs.
If Spot Instances become unavailable, regular On-Demand Instances will be launched instead to maintain capacity. The potential for interruptions is
acceptable since failed jobs can be re-run.
upvoted 7 times
sandordini Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Stateless, most cost-effective >> Spot
upvoted 3 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
You don't need any scaling really as the job runs on another EC2 instance if it fails on first one. A. B. D are all more expensive than C due to spot
instance being cheaper than reserved instances.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Spot Instances to the rescue....whooosh
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
upvoted 2 times
wRhlH 2 years, 5 months ago
" If a job fails on one instance, another instance will reprocess the job". This ensures Spot Instances are enough for this case
upvoted 5 times
Abrar2022 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Since your batch jobs run for a specific period each day, using Spot Instances with the ability to scale out based on CPU usage is a more cost-
effective choice.
upvoted 2 times
Blingy 2 years, 6 months ago
C FOR ME COS OF SPOT INSTACES
upvoted 3 times
udo2020 2 years, 6 months ago
First I think it is B but because of cost saving I think it should be C spot instances.
upvoted 2 times
nosense 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
c for me
upvoted 2 times