A company hosts an online shopping application that stores all orders in an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL Single-AZ DB instance.
Management wants to eliminate single points of failure and has asked a solutions architect to recommend an approach to
minimize database downtime without requiring any changes to the application code.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Convert the existing database instance to a Multi-AZ deployment by modifying the database instance and specifying the
Multi-AZ option. Most Voted
B. Create a new RDS Multi-AZ deployment. Take a snapshot of the current RDS instance and restore the new Multi-AZ
deployment with the snapshot.
C. Create a read-only replica of the PostgreSQL database in another Availability Zone. Use Amazon Route 53 weighted record
sets to distribute requests across the databases.
D. Place the RDS for PostgreSQL database in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group with a minimum group size of two. Use
Amazon Route 53 weighted record sets to distribute requests across instances.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. Convert the existing database instance to a Multi-AZ deployment by modifying the database instance and specifying the Multi-AZ option
upvoted 6 times
Abrar2022 Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
"minimize database downtime" so why create a new DB just modify the existing one so no time is wasted.
upvoted 5 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is correct but reason need to be clarified:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/best-practices-for-converting-a-single-az-amazon-rds-instance-to-a-multi-az-instance/
The instance doesn't automatically convert to Multi-AZ immediately. By default it will convert at next maintenance window but you can convert it
immediately. Compared to B this is much better. CD are too many changes overall so unsuitable.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Eliminate single points of failure = Multi-AZ deployment
upvoted 5 times
antropaws 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A) https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Concepts.MultiAZSingleStandby.html#Concepts.MultiAZ.Migrating
upvoted 2 times
cloudenthusiast 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
Compared to other solutions that involve creating new instances, restoring snapshots, or setting up replication manually, converting to a Multi-AZ
deployment is a simpler and more streamlined approach with lower overhead.
Overall, option A offers a cost-effective and efficient way to minimize database downtime without requiring significant changes or additional
complexities.
upvoted 3 times
Efren 2 years, 6 months ago
A for HA, but also read replica can convert itself to master if the master is down... so not sure if C?
upvoted 1 times
Efren 2 years, 6 months ago
Sorry, the Route 53 doesnt make sense to sent requests to RR , what if is a write?
upvoted 2 times
nosense 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
i guess aa
upvoted 3 times