A company wants to direct its users to a backup static error page if the company's primary website is unavailable. The primary
website's DNS records are hosted in Amazon Route 53. The domain is pointing to an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The
company needs a solution that minimizes changes and infrastructure overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Update the Route 53 records to use a latency routing policy. Add a static error page that is hosted in an Amazon S3 bucket
to the records so that the traffic is sent to the most responsive endpoints.
B. Set up a Route 53 active-passive failover configuration. Direct traffic to a static error page that is hosted in an Amazon S3
bucket when Route 53 health checks determine that the ALB endpoint is unhealthy. Most Voted
C. Set up a Route 53 active-active configuration with the ALB and an Amazon EC2 instance that hosts a static error page as
endpoints. Configure Route 53 to send requests to the instance only if the health checks fail for the ALB.
D. Update the Route 53 records to use a multivalue answer routing policy. Create a health check. Direct traffic to the website if
the health check passes. Direct traffic to a static error page that is hosted in Amazon S3 if the health check does not pass.
Comments
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Set up a Route 53 active-passive failover configuration. Direct traffic to a static error page that is hosted in an Amazon S3 bucket when Route 53
health checks determine that the ALB endpoint is unhealthy.
upvoted 6 times
ssa03 Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is correct
upvoted 5 times
Danilus Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
key -minimizes changes and infrastructure overhead
key- backup static error page
Option B is the appropriate solution because it sets up automatic failover to an alternative endpoint (the static error page in S3) when the ALB
becomes unavailable. Option D is not viable as it does not implement a true failover mechanism and may continue to direct traffic to an unhealthy
ALB.
upvoted 1 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Setting up a Route 53 active-passive failover configuration with the ALB as the primary endpoint and an Amazon S3 static website as the passive
endpoint meets the requirements with minimal overhead.
Route 53 health checks can monitor the ALB health. If the ALB becomes unhealthy, traffic will automatically failover to the S3 static website. This
provides automatic failover with minimal configuration changes
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Sorry. I mean B
upvoted 6 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (83%)
D (17%)
Nirav1112 2 years, 10 months ago
B is correct
upvoted 3 times
mrsoa 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B seems correct
upvoted 4 times
Bmaster 2 years, 10 months ago
B is correct..
https://repost.aws/knowledge-center/fail-over-s3-r53
upvoted 4 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Nice link find!
upvoted 2 times