A company’s website is used to sell products to the public. The site runs on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group
behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). There is also an Amazon CloudFront distribution, and AWS WAF is being used to
protect against SQL injection attacks. The ALB is the origin for the CloudFront distribution. A recent review of security logs
revealed an external malicious IP that needs to be blocked from accessing the website.
What should a solutions architect do to protect the application?
A. Modify the network ACL on the CloudFront distribution to add a deny rule for the malicious IP address.
B. Modify the configuration of AWS WAF to add an IP match condition to block the malicious IP address. Most Voted
C. Modify the network ACL for the EC2 instances in the target groups behind the ALB to deny the malicious IP address.
D. Modify the security groups for the EC2 instances in the target groups behind the ALB to deny the malicious IP address.
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Option B
upvoted 12 times
mohammadthainat Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
in WAF you can define Web ACL (Web Access Control List) Rule:
IP Set: up to 10,000 IP addresses – use multiple Rules for more IPs
upvoted 5 times
FlyingHawk Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Network ACL is with VPC at subnet level, A and C are incorrect. security group for EC2 only supports allow rule, not deny rul, D is out. B is correct:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/waf-rule-statement-type-ipset-match.html
upvoted 2 times
Salilgen 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-enhance-amazon-cloudfront-origin-security-with-aws-waf-and-aws-secrets-manager/
upvoted 1 times
bujuman 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
There was option from disttribution Security Tab ==> Request logs for the specified time range where someone could target an IP address and block
it - which action won't do more than creating a block rule under the associated Web ACL- but function has vanished, i don't ask me why.
So the only feasable option in WEBACLv2 is to go for an Ipset and ad a WebACL ip match block condition.
I really liked the option A the first time i experimented it.
upvoted 4 times
xBUGx 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
You only need to block an IP. And Cloudfront is the first layer
upvoted 3 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (87%)
13%
Modifying the CloudFront network ACL would block access at the CDN level. This could
impact legitimate users globally, not just the malicious IP.
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
When dealing with web application security concerns, leverage the capabilities of AWS WAF to block malicious IPs rather than modifying network
access controls at lower levels like EC2 security groups or network ACLs
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 5 months ago
CloudFront does not support network ACLs. Network ACLs are used with Amazon VPCs at the subnet level, not with CloudFront distributions.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-network-acls.html
upvoted 1 times
Sivaeas 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The AWS WAF IP set match statement inspects the IP address of a web request against a set of IP addresses and address ranges. Use this to allow or
block web requests based on the IP addresses that the requests originate from
upvoted 4 times
stephensimudemy 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B
upvoted 4 times