A company uses an Amazon CloudFront distribution to serve content pages for its website. The company needs to ensure that
clients use a TLS certificate when accessing the company's website. The company wants to automate the creation and renewal of
the TLS certificates.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?
A. Use a CloudFront security policy to create a certificate.
B. Use a CloudFront origin access control (OAC) to create a certificate.
C. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to create a certificate. Use DNS validation for the domain. Most Voted
D. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to create a certificate. Use email validation for the domain.
Comments
Bmaster Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
C is correct.
"ACM provides managed renewal for your Amazon-issued SSL/TLS certificates. This means that ACM will either renew your certificates automatically
(if you are using DNS validation), or it will send you email notices when expiration is approaching. These services are provided for both public and
private ACM certificates."
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/acm/latest/userguide/managed-renewal.html
upvoted 10 times
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The key reasons are:
AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) provides free public TLS/SSL certificates and handles certificate renewals automatically.
Using DNS validation with ACM is operationally efficient since it automatically makes changes to Route 53 rather than requiring manual validation
steps.
ACM integrates natively with CloudFront distributions for delivering HTTPS content.
CloudFront security policies and origin access controls do not issue TLS certificates.
Email validation requires manual steps to approve the domain validation emails for each renewal.
upvoted 7 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
For me, C is the only realistic option as I don't think you can do AB without a lot of complexity. D just makes no sense.
upvoted 2 times
ibu007 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to create a certificate. Use DNS validation for the domain
upvoted 4 times
chen0305_099 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C 似乎是正確的
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
Kiki_Pass 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
"DNS Validation is preferred for automation purposes" -- Stephane's course on Udemy
upvoted 3 times
mrsoa 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C seems to be correct
upvoted 2 times
nananashi 2 years, 4 months ago
I think the general product uses DNS rather than email to automate, is the given answer correct?
upvoted 1 times