A solutions architect is designing a shared storage solution for a web application that is deployed across multiple Availability
Zones. The web application runs on Amazon EC2 instances that are in an Auto Scaling group. The company plans to make
frequent changes to the content. The solution must have strong consistency in returning the new content as soon as the changes
occur.
Which solutions meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Use AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway Internet Small Computer Systems Interface (iSCSI) block storage that is
mounted to the individual EC2 instances.
B. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Mount the EFS file system on the individual EC2 instances.
Most Voted
C. Create a shared Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Mount the EBS volume on the individual EC2 instances.
D. Use AWS DataSync to perform continuous synchronization of data between EC2 hosts in the Auto Scaling group.
E. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the web content. Set the metadata for the Cache-Control header to no-cache. Use
Amazon CloudFront to deliver the content. Most Voted
Comments
Andy_09 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Correct answer BE
upvoted 8 times
Cali182 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: BE
B & E seems to be the most logic
upvoted 5 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: BE
A - Volume Gateway is typically on-prem and optimized for hybrid setups, not for fully cloud-based solutions.
B - EFS provides a fully managed, shared file storage system that works across multiple AZs.
C - Even with Multi-Attach, sharing EBS volumes across AZs is pretty complex and error-prone.
D - DataSync is designed for periodic synchronization and not real-time, frequent updates.
E - The "no-cache" header ensures the content is always fetched fresh, and CloudFront delivers it efficiently with reduced latency. Although S3 is less
efficient for frequent updates compared to a shared file system like EFS, but not a problem here.
upvoted 3 times
Penjerla 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
Option A is out as storage gateway is suited for hybrid cloud use cases where on-premises workloads need access to AWS cloud storage
upvoted 1 times
Salilgen 1 year, 5 months ago
C is wrong: you cannot share EBS in multiple AZ
upvoted 1 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
Correct Answer: BE
Community vote distribution
BE (91%)
9%
Regarding storage, I'd go for EFS, although it never mentions the requirement for file storage.
Datasync can copy data between several storage types, including EFS, agents can be installed on EC2, but you cannot perform continuous
synchronization of EC2 instances. Only storage.
Cloudfront can publish both passive (s3) and active content (EC2+EFS) but wording doesn't tell a thing about such a share. And if it's a passive site
why do we even have 2 storage types...
I'd say, for me, the least bad solution seems to be B + E.
upvoted 2 times
Hung23 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: BE
I choose BE
upvoted 2 times
alawada 2 years, 2 months ago
BD looks most logical to me - continuous changes required an update via DataSync
upvoted 2 times