A 4-year-old media company is using the AWS Organizations all features feature set to organize its AWS accounts. According to
the company's finance team, the billing information on the member accounts must not be accessible to anyone, including the root
user of the member accounts.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Add all finance team users to an IAM group. Attach an AWS managed policy named Billing to the group.
B. Attach an identity-based policy to deny access to the billing information to all users, including the root user.
C. Create a service control policy (SCP) to deny access to the billing information. Attach the SCP to the root organizational unit
(OU). Most Voted
D. Convert from the Organizations all features feature set to the Organizations consolidated billing feature set.
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Service Control Policies (SCP): SCPs are an integral part of AWS Organizations and allow you to set fine-grained permissions on the organizational
units (OUs) within your AWS Organization. SCPs provide central control over the maximum permissions that can be granted to member accounts,
including the root user.
Denying Access to Billing Information: By creating an SCP and attaching it to the root OU, you can explicitly deny access to billing information for all
accounts within the organization. SCPs can be used to restrict access to various AWS services and actions, including billing-related services.
Granular Control: SCPs enable you to define specific permissions and restrictions at the organizational unit level. By denying access to billing
information at the root OU, you can ensure that no member accounts, including root users, have access to the billing information.
upvoted 8 times
Kiki_Pass Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
but SCP do not apply to the management account (full admin power)?
upvoted 5 times
TwinSpark 1 year, 7 months ago
i can understand this information coming from the famous course in udemy. I tought same, but after some research i now think it is a wrong
information.
"SCPs affect all users and roles in attached accounts, including the root user. The only exceptions are those described in Tasks and entities not
restricted by SCPs."
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_scps.html#:~:text=SCPs%20affect%20all%20users%20and,affec
t%20any%20service%2Dlinked%20role.
upvoted 3 times
potomac Most Recent 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
SCP is for authorization
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C. Create a service control policy (SCP) to deny access to the billing information. Attach the SCP to the root organizational unit (OU)
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
PRASAD180 2 years, 5 months ago
C Crt 100%
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Service control policy are a type of organization policy that you can use to manage permissions in your organization. SCPs offer central control over
the maximum available permissions for all accounts in your organization. SCPs help you to ensure your accounts stay within your organization’s
access control guidelines. SCPs are available only in an organization that has all features enabled.
upvoted 4 times
Abrar2022 2 years, 6 months ago
By denying access to billing information at the root OU, you can ensure that no member accounts, including root users, have access to the billing
information.
upvoted 2 times
nosense 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
c for me
upvoted 2 times