A company is building an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster for its workloads. All secrets that are stored in
Amazon EKS must be encrypted in the Kubernetes etcd key-value store.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key. Use AWS Secrets Manager to manage, rotate, and store all
secrets in Amazon EKS.
B. Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key. Enable Amazon EKS KMS secrets encryption on the Amazon
EKS cluster. Most Voted
C. Create the Amazon EKS cluster with default options. Use the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) Container Storage
Interface (CSI) driver as an add-on.
D. Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key with the alias/aws/ebs alias. Enable default Amazon Elastic
Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume encryption for the account.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is the correct solution to meet the requirement of encrypting secrets in the etcd store for an Amazon EKS cluster.
The key points:
Create a new KMS key to use for encryption.
Enable EKS secrets encryption using that KMS key on the EKS cluster. This will encrypt secrets in the Kubernetes etcd store.
Option A uses Secrets Manager which does not encrypt the etcd store.
Option C uses EBS CSI which is unrelated to etcd encryption.
Option D enables EBS encryption but does not address etcd encryption.
upvoted 7 times
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
EKS supports using AWS KMS keys to provide envelope encryption of Kubernetes secrets stored in EKS. Envelope encryption adds an addition,
customer-managed layer of encryption for application secrets or user data that is stored within a Kubernetes cluster.
https://eksctl.io/usage/kms-encryption/
upvoted 6 times
FlyingHawk Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The problem is to ensure all secrets in Amazon EKS be encrypted, so the correct solution is to enable the secret encryption on the EKS cluster with a
new AWS Key:
eksctl utils enable-secrets-encryption \
--cluster my-cluster \
--key-arn arn:aws:kms:region-code:account:key/key
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_en/eks/latest/userguide/enable-kms.html
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
"must be encrypted in the Kubernetes etcd key-value store" - that leaves B only.
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (96%)
4%
upvoted 1 times
manuh 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Why not a
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 1 year, 10 months ago
option A does not enable Amazon EKS KMS secrets encryption on the Amazon EKS cluster
upvoted 2 times
MrAWSAssociate 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is the right option.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/enable-kms.html
upvoted 5 times
alexandercamachop 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
It is B, because we need to encrypt inside of the EKS cluster, not outside.
AWS KMS is to encrypt at rest.
upvoted 5 times
AncaZalog 2 years ago
is B, not D
upvoted 2 times