A company has customers located across the world. The company wants to use automation to secure its systems and network
infrastructure. The company's security team must be able to track and audit all incremental changes to the infrastructure.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use AWS Organizations to set up the infrastructure. Use AWS Config to track changes.
B. Use AWS CloudFormation to set up the infrastructure. Use AWS Config to track changes. Most Voted
C. Use AWS Organizations to set up the infrastructure. Use AWS Service Catalog to track changes.
D. Use AWS CloudFormation to set up the infrastructure. Use AWS Service Catalog to track changes.
Comments
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
use automation to secure its systems and network infrastructure = AWS CloudFormation
track and audit all incremental changes to the infrastructure = AWS Config
upvoted 10 times
Min_93 Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B is the most suitable because it combines the benefits of infrastructure as code (CloudFormation) with tracking and auditing capabilities
(AWS Config). With CloudFormation, the company can define and deploy its infrastructure in a repeatable and automated way, ensuring consistency
and adherence to security standards. AWS Config then complements this by providing visibility into changes and configuration details.
upvoted 5 times
Gape4 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I will go for B
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Organisations is not really related to this
AWS Service Catalog is like a IaaC source control so D is a close option. However B looks more logical.
upvoted 3 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
The difference is in wording: "The company's security team must be able to track and audit all incremental changes to the infrastructure"
If this has to be done BEFORE the deployment then D is the option
If this is AFTER the deployment then B is the option
Hopefully exam will have better language. Good luck!
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)