A company hosts an internal serverless application on AWS by using Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda. The company’s
employees report issues with high latency when they begin using the application each day. The company wants to reduce latency.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Increase the API Gateway throttling limit.
B. Set up a scheduled scaling to increase Lambda provisioned concurrency before employees begin to use the application each
day. Most Voted
C. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to initiate a Lambda function as a target for the alarm at the beginning of each day.
D. Increase the Lambda function memory.
Comments
oayoade Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/scheduling-aws-lambda-provisioned-concurrency-for-recurring-peak-usage/
upvoted 5 times
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Set up a scheduled scaling to increase Lambda provisioned concurrency before employees begin to use the application each day.
upvoted 5 times
emakid Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B: Set up a scheduled scaling to increase Lambda provisioned concurrency before employees begin to use the application each day.
Explanation: Provisioned concurrency ensures that a specified number of Lambda instances are initialized and ready to handle requests. By
scheduling this scaling, you can pre-warm Lambda functions before peak usage times, reducing cold start latency. This solution directly addresses the
latency issue caused by cold starts.
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Provisioned concurrency pre-initializes execution environments for your functions. These execution environments are prepared to respond
immediately to incoming function requests at start of day.
upvoted 3 times
potomac 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A is wrong
API Gateway throttling limit is for better throughput, not for latency
upvoted 2 times
Mll1975 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Provisioned Concurrency incurs additional costs, so it is cost-efficient to use it only when necessary. For example, early in the morning when activity
starts, or to handle recurring peak usage.
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
Eminenza22 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B option setting up a scheduled scaling to increase Lambda provisioned concurrency before employees begin to use the application each day. This
solution is cost-effective and requires minimal development effort.
upvoted 2 times