A company provides an API interface to customers so the customers can retrieve their financial information. Еhe company expects
a larger number of requests during peak usage times of the year.
The company requires the API to respond consistently with low latency to ensure customer satisfaction. The company needs to
provide a compute host for the API.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use an Application Load Balancer and Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS).
B. Use Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda functions with provisioned concurrency. Most Voted
C. Use an Application Load Balancer and an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster.
D. Use Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda functions with reserved concurrency.
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
In the context of the given scenario, where the company wants low latency and consistent performance for their API during peak usage times, it
would be more suitable to use provisioned concurrency. By allocating a specific number of concurrent executions, the company can ensure that there
are enough function instances available to handle the expected load and minimize the impact of cold starts. This will result in lower latency and
improved performance for the API.
upvoted 13 times
Bennyboy789 Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Provisioned - minimizing cold starts and providing low latency.
upvoted 8 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Concurrency of lambda function, provisioned vs reserved:
Reserved Concurrency:
1. Desired instances can start without interference from other functions
2. Guarantees available execution capacity for critical functions
Provisioned Concurrency:
1. Also guarantees consistent performance
2. [!!] Allows you to pre-warm a specific number of function instances to reduce cold start latency
upvoted 3 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-concurrency.html#reserved-and-provisioned
Consistency decreases if you exceed your provisioned instance. Lets say you have 1000 (default) provisioned instances and the load is 1500. The new
500 will have to wait until the first 1000 concurrent calls finish. This is solved by increasing the provisioned concurrency to 1500.
upvoted 2 times
1rob 2 years, 6 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (79%)
A (21%)
Selected Answer: A
So I have my doubts here. The question also states ;"The company needs to provide a compute host for the API." Imho this implies to have some sort
of physical host which has to be provided by the customer. Translating this further to aws this would mean an EC2 instance. And then when I would
go for ECS in stead of EKS.
Please share your opinion.
upvoted 7 times
pdragon1981 2 years, 5 months ago
Exactly, inicially I was thinking on B but if company must provide a host I would say that only option A is feasible
upvoted 3 times
pdragon1981 2 years, 5 months ago
Sorry I understand bad the text, coorect answer is B, as for my understanding now the host is the device that the costumer needs to connect with
API Gateway, bellow explains well the logic
https://aws.amazon.com/api-gateway/
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
This option provides the least operational overhead:
API Gateway handles the API requests and integration with Lambda
Lambda automatically scales compute without managing servers
Provisioned concurrency ensures consistent low latency by keeping functions initialized
No need to manage containers or orchestration platforms as with ECS/EKS
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The company requires the API to respond consistently with low latency to ensure customer satisfaction especially during high peak periods, there is
no mention of cost efficient. Hence provisioned concurrency is the best option.
Provisioned concurrency is the number of pre-initialized execution environments you want to allocate to your function. These execution
environments are prepared to respond immediately to incoming function requests. Configuring provisioned concurrency incurs charges to your AWS
account.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/provisioned-concurrency.html#:~:text=for%20a%20function.-,Provisioned%20concurrency,-
%E2%80%93%20Provisioned%20concurrency%20is
upvoted 2 times
MirKhobaeb 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
AWS Lambda provides a highly scalable and distributed infrastructure that automatically manages the underlying compute resources. It automatically
scales your API based on the incoming request load, allowing it to respond consistently with low latency, even during peak times. AWS Lambda takes
care of infrastructure provisioning, scaling, and resource management, allowing you to focus on writing the code for your API logic.
upvoted 4 times