A company's SAP application has a backend SQL Server database in an on-premises environment. The company wants to migrate
its on-premises application and database server to AWS. The company needs an instance type that meets the high demands of its
SAP database. On-premises performance data shows that both the SAP application and the database have high memory
utilization.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use the compute optimized instance family for the application. Use the memory optimized instance family for the database.
B. Use the storage optimized instance family for both the application and the database.
C. Use the memory optimized instance family for both the application and the database. Most Voted
D. Use the high performance computing (HPC) optimized instance family for the application. Use the memory optimized
instance family for the database.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Since both the app and database have high memory needs, the memory optimized family like R5 instances meet those requirements well.
Using the same instance family simplifies management and operations, rather than mixing instance types.
Compute optimized instances may not provide enough memory for the SAP app's needs.
Storage optimized is overkill for the database's compute and memory needs.
HPC is overprovisioned for the SAP app.
upvoted 16 times
manOfThePeople Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
High memory utilization = memory optimized.
C is the answer
upvoted 5 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Why D is incorrect: HPC family is geared toward compute-heavy workloads such as simulations or scientific calculations, not appropriate for a
memory-intensive application like SAP.
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Use the memory optimized instance family for both the application and the database
upvoted 3 times
mrsoa 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I thyink its C
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)