A company is planning to migrate a TCP-based application into the company's VPC. The application is publicly accessible on a
nonstandard TCP port through a hardware appliance in the company's data center. This public endpoint can process up to 3
million requests per second with low latency. The company requires the same level of performance for the new public endpoint in
AWS.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement?
A. Deploy a Network Load Balancer (NLB). Configure the NLB to be publicly accessible over the TCP port that the application
requires. Most Voted
B. Deploy an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Configure the ALB to be publicly accessible over the TCP port that the
application requires.
C. Deploy an Amazon CloudFront distribution that listens on the TCP port that the application requires. Use an Application
Load Balancer as the origin.
D. Deploy an Amazon API Gateway API that is configured with the TCP port that the application requires. Configure AWS
Lambda functions with provisioned concurrency to process the requests.
Comments
Sugarbear_01 Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Since the company requires the same level of performance for the new public endpoint in AWS.
A Network Load Balancer functions at the fourth layer of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model. It can handle millions of requests per
second. After the load balancer receives a connection request, it selects a target from the target group for the default rule. It attempts to open a TCP
connection to the selected target on the port specified in the listener configuration.
Link;
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/introduction.html
upvoted 11 times
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
TCP = NLB
upvoted 7 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
B: Is wrong as ALB is not going to help with TCP traffic
C: CloudFront is CDN. There is no content here
D: API Gateway is for HTTP web/API stuff, not custom TCP port applicationns
upvoted 3 times
taustin2 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
NLBs handle millions of requests per second. NLBs can handle general TCP traffic.
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)