A company wants to use artificial intelligence (AI) to determine the quality of its customer service calls. The company currently
manages calls in four different languages, including English. The company will offer new languages in the future. The company
does not have the resources to regularly maintain machine learning (ML) models.
The company needs to create written sentiment analysis reports from the customer service call recordings. The customer service
call recording text must be translated into English.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose three.)
A. Use Amazon Comprehend to translate the audio recordings into English.
B. Use Amazon Lex to create the written sentiment analysis reports.
C. Use Amazon Polly to convert the audio recordings into text.
D. Use Amazon Transcribe to convert the audio recordings in any language into text. Most Voted
E. Use Amazon Translate to translate text in any language to English. Most Voted
F. Use Amazon Comprehend to create the sentiment analysis reports. Most Voted
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: DEF
Amazon Transcribe will convert the audio recordings into text, Amazon Translate will translate the text into English, and Amazon Comprehend will
perform sentiment analysis on the translated text to generate sentiment analysis reports.
upvoted 7 times
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: DEF
A: Comprehend cannot translate
B: Lex is like a chatbot so not useful
C: Polly converts text to audio (polly the parrot!) so this is wrong
D: Can convert audio to text
E: Can translate
F: Can do sentiment analysis reports
upvoted 6 times
wsdasdasdqwdaw Most Recent 2 years, 1 month ago
It is: DEF
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: DEF
D. Use Amazon Transcribe to convert the audio recordings in any language into text.
E. Use Amazon Translate to translate text in any language to English.
F. Use Amazon Comprehend to create the sentiment analysis reports.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: DEF
Correct Answer: DEF
Community vote distribution
DEF (100%)
Amazon Transcribe to convert speech to text. Amazon Translate to translate text to english. Amazon Comprehend to perform sentiment analysis on
translated text.
upvoted 2 times
HareshPrajapati 2 years, 6 months ago
afree with DEF
upvoted 2 times
Blingy 2 years, 6 months ago
I’d go with DEF too
upvoted 2 times
elmogy 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: DEF
agree with DEF
upvoted 3 times
Efren 2 years, 6 months ago
agreed as well, weird
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
@efren - It is not weird - This need to know the services for it
upvoted 3 times