A company wants to migrate two DNS servers to AWS. The servers host a total of approximately 200 zones and receive 1 million
requests each day on average. The company wants to maximize availability while minimizing the operational overhead that is
related to the management of the two servers.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
A. Create 200 new hosted zones in the Amazon Route 53 console Import zone files. Most Voted
B. Launch a single large Amazon EC2 instance Import zone tiles. Configure Amazon CloudWatch alarms and notifications to
alert the company about any downtime.
C. Migrate the servers to AWS by using AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS). Configure Amazon CloudWatch alarms and
notifications to alert the company about any downtime.
D. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance in an Auto Scaling group across two Availability Zones. Import zone files. Set the desired
capacity to 1 and the maximum capacity to 3 for the Auto Scaling group. Configure scaling alarms to scale based on CPU
utilization.
Comments
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Key requirement it "maximize availability while minimizing the operational overhead" of 200 zones to process million requests
R53 is designed exactly to do this and supports zone import functionality so literally does the job of their EC2 servers but much better so BCD
become "overhead" by default. I doubt D will work.
upvoted 5 times
pentium75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
B, C and D would not "maximize availability" (not HA) and also not minimize the operational overhead.
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
'maximize availability while minimizing the operational overhead' = severless = Amazon Route 53
upvoted 4 times
EdenWang 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
Only A makes sense
upvoted 3 times
NickGordon 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
Should be A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/migrate-dns-domain-in-use.html
upvoted 4 times
potomac 2 years, 1 month ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (95%)
5%
Selected Answer: D
D makes more sense to me
upvoted 1 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 10 months ago
1 EC2 server for millions of requests?
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
No, "Desired capacity 1" meaning that usually only 1 server would run, but they want to "maximize availability". And operating EC2 servers would
not be "minimizing the operational overhead that is related to the management of the two servers."
upvoted 3 times