A company has a large data workload that runs for 6 hours each day. The company cannot lose any data while the process is
running. A solutions architect is designing an Amazon EMR cluster configuration to support this critical data workload.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Configure a long-running cluster that runs the primary node and core nodes on On-Demand Instances and the task nodes
on Spot Instances.
B. Configure a transient cluster that runs the primary node and core nodes on On-Demand Instances and the task nodes on
Spot Instances. Most Voted
C. Configure a transient cluster that runs the primary node on an On-Demand Instance and the core nodes and task nodes on
Spot Instances.
D. Configure a long-running cluster that runs the primary node on an On-Demand Instance, the core nodes on Spot Instances,
and the task nodes on Spot Instances.
Comments
louisaok Highly Voted 2 years, 7 months ago
Relax man. take a break since you have made this far so far.
upvoted 58 times
AWSSURI 1 year, 9 months ago
Rest at the end NOT in the middle
-- Kobe Bryant
upvoted 12 times
potomac Highly Voted 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A transient cluster provides cost savings because it runs only during the computation time, and it provides scalability and flexibility in a cloud
environment.
Option C (transient cluster with On-Demand primary node and Spot core and task nodes) exposes the core nodes to Spot Instance interruptions,
which may not be acceptable for a workload that cannot lose any data.
upvoted 15 times
EllenLiu Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
take a break and feel better now. thanks for encouraging with each other!
daily batch handling within several hours => transient cluster
data-critical application => spot for task node only
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AD are long-running so don't fit in with 6 hours schedule
BC are ideal for scheduled EMR activities
C is wrong as running core node on Spot instance has a risk of data loss https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-master-
core-task-nodes.html
B is correct because primary, core will be stable on on-demand as recommended by AWS and task can go on spot instances as task nodes are short
lived by nature anyway
upvoted 6 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
"Long-running cluster" = runs until you shut it down
"Transient cluster" = runs until the workload is completed
This runs only 6 hours each day -> transient -> B or C
"Cannot lose any data while the process is running" -> Primary and core nodes cannot be Spot instances -> A or B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-plan-longrunning-transient.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-plan-instances-guidelines.html
upvoted 10 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Cannot loose data = ondemand primary + core nodes
Save on costs = spot task nodes
Runs for 6 hours = transient cluster
upvoted 6 times
SHAAHIBHUSHANAWS 2 years, 6 months ago
A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-plan-instances-guidelines.html
It's long running and no data loss is needed.
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
The link says you can lose data if you are running a transient cluster WITH ONLY Spot instances. "Long-running" = runs until you shut it down,
"Transient" = Runs until the workload is completed
upvoted 1 times
whiterick 2 years, 4 months ago
Option A suggests a long-running cluster, which continues to run until manually terminated. This means that even if tasks are rerouted due to Spo
Instance interruptions, the cluster itself remains active, allowing the rerouted tasks to complete on other nodes.
Option B suggests a transient cluster, which is terminated after all steps are completed. If the Spot Instances are interrupted and tasks are not
completed, the cluster might still terminate after the steps are deemed complete, potentially leading to incomplete processing of data.
upvoted 1 times
MFKang 2 years, 6 months ago
Get up Stand up
upvoted 3 times