A company is migrating its workloads to AWS. The company has transactional and sensitive data in its databases. The company
wants to use AWS Cloud solutions to increase security and reduce operational overhead for the databases.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Migrate the databases to Amazon EC2. Use an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) AWS managed key for encryption.
B. Migrate the databases to Amazon RDS Configure encryption at rest. Most Voted
C. Migrate the data to Amazon S3 Use Amazon Macie for data security and protection
D. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs for data security and protection.
Comments
AshishRocks Highly Voted 3 years ago
B is the answer
Why not C - Option C suggests migrating the data to Amazon S3 and using Amazon Macie for data security and protection. While Amazon Macie
provides advanced security features for data in S3, it may not be directly applicable or optimized for databases, especially for transactional and
sensitive data. Amazon RDS provides a more suitable environment for managing databases.
upvoted 11 times
oras2023 Highly Voted 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
B. Migrate the databases to Amazon RDS Configure encryption at rest.
Looks like best option
upvoted 5 times
venomblade Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3 and Macie works too. However, the question mentioned about transactional data. RDS is much better for running transactional workloads. Thus,
RDS is the correct answer here.
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A: Operational overhead of EC2 and whatever DB is running on it
C: Macie is not for data security, it's for identifying PII and sensitive data
D: CloudWatch is for cloud events and does not secure databases
B: RDS is managed so least operational overhead. Encryption at rest means security
upvoted 3 times
allanm 10 months ago
Macie is actually used to protect sensitive data. It's just that C cannot be used because the data resides in databases and unless you have a service
to migrate from database to S3, this won'twork
upvoted 1 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Migrate the databases to Amazon RDS Configure encryption at rest.
upvoted 4 times
wendaz 2 years, 8 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
down voted.
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Reduce Ops = Migrate the databases to Amazon RDS Configure encryption at rest
upvoted 4 times
alexandercamachop 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
B for sure.
First the correct is Amazon RDS, then encryption at rest makes the database secure.
upvoted 4 times