A company has an application that processes customer orders. The company hosts the application on an Amazon EC2 instance
that saves the orders to an Amazon Aurora database. Occasionally when traffic is high the workload does not process orders fast
enough.
What should a solutions architect do to write the orders reliably to the database as quickly as possible?
A. Increase the instance size of the EC2 instance when traffic is high. Write orders to Amazon Simple Notification Service
(Amazon SNS). Subscribe the database endpoint to the SNS topic.
B. Write orders to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Use EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind
an Application Load Balancer to read from the SQS queue and process orders into the database. Most Voted
C. Write orders to Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS). Subscribe the database endpoint to the SNS topic. Use
EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer to read from the SNS topic.
D. Write orders to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue when the EC2 instance reaches CPU threshold limits.
Use scheduled scaling of EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer to read from the SQS
queue and process orders into the database.
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
By decoupling the write operation from the processing operation using SQS, you ensure that the orders are reliably stored in the queue, regardless
of the processing capacity of the EC2 instances. This allows the processing to be performed at a scalable rate based on the available EC2 instances,
improving the overall reliability and speed of order processing.
upvoted 12 times
omarshaban Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
IN MY EXAM
upvoted 10 times
Guru4Cloud Most Recent 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Decoupling the order processing from the application using Amazon SQS and leveraging Auto Scaling to handle the processing of orders based on
the workload in the SQS queue is indeed the most efficient and scalable approach. This architecture addresses both reliability and performance
concerns during traffic spikes.
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Write orders to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Use EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load
Balancer to read from the SQS queue and process orders into the database.
upvoted 3 times
antropaws 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
100% B.
upvoted 3 times
omoakin 2 years, 6 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
BBBBBBBBBB
upvoted 3 times