A social media company is building a feature for its website. The feature will give users the ability to upload photos. The company
expects significant increases in demand during large events and must ensure that the website can handle the upload traffic from
users.
Which solution meets these requirements with the MOST scalability?
A. Upload files from the user's browser to the application servers. Transfer the files to an Amazon S3 bucket.
B. Provision an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway. Upload files directly from the user's browser to the file gateway.
C. Generate Amazon S3 presigned URLs in the application. Upload files directly from the user's browser into an S3 bucket.
Most Voted
D. Provision an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Upload files directly from the user's browser to the file
system.
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
This approach allows users to upload files directly to S3 without passing through the application servers, reducing the load on the application and
improving scalability. It leverages the client-side capabilities to handle the file uploads and offloads the processing to S3.
upvoted 16 times
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is the best solution to meet the scalability requirements.
Generating S3 presigned URLs allows users to upload directly to S3 instead of application servers. This removes the application servers as a
bottleneck for upload traffic.
S3 can scale to handle very high volumes of uploads with no limits on storage or throughput. Using presigned URLs leverages this scalability.
upvoted 5 times
hro Most Recent 1 year, 8 months ago
C - You may use presigned URLs to allow someone to upload an object to your Amazon S3 bucket. Using a presigned URL will allow an upload
without requiring another party to have AWS security credentials or permissions.
upvoted 3 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/using-presigned-url.html
"You can also use presigned URLs to allow someone to upload a specific object to your Amazon S3 bucket. This allows an upload without requiring
another party to have AWS security credentials or permissions. "
upvoted 2 times
Goutham4981 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
S3 presigned url is used for sharing objects from an s3 bucket and not for uploading to an s3 bucket
upvoted 3 times
Murtadhaceit 2 years ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (91%)
9%
No. It allows to download and upload.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/using-presigned-url.html
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
You may use presigned URLs to allow someone to upload an object to your Amazon S3 bucket. Using a presigned URL will allow an upload without
requiring another party to have AWS security credentials or permissions.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/PresignedUrlUploadObject.html
upvoted 2 times
baba365 2 years, 5 months ago
Hello Moderator. This question and answer should be rephrased because:
1. S3 pre-signed URLs are used to share objects FROM S3 buckets
2. How scalable are pre-signed URLs when they are time constrained?
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ShareObjectPreSignedURL.html
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Both is wrong
Presigned URLs can be used for upload
The solution is scalable because you can issue thousands of pre-signed URLs, and thousands of users can upload images at the same time.
User wants to upload picture -> server generates presigned URL and sends it to the app -> app uploads file
upvoted 3 times
nosense 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
the most scalable because it allows users to upload files directly to Amazon S3,
upvoted 4 times