A company has multiple AWS accounts in an organization in AWS Organizations that different business units use. The company
has multiple offices around the world. The company needs to update security group rules to allow new office CIDR ranges or to
remove old CIDR ranges across the organization. The company wants to centralize the management of security group rules to
minimize the administrative overhead that updating CIDR ranges requires.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Create VPC security groups in the organization's management account. Update the security groups when a CIDR range
update is necessary.
B. Create a VPC customer managed prefix list that contains the list of CIDRs. Use AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS RAM) to
share the prefix list across the organization. Use the prefix list in the security groups across the organization. Most Voted
C. Create an AWS managed prefix list. Use an AWS Security Hub policy to enforce the security group update across the
organization. Use an AWS Lambda function to update the prefix list automatically when the CIDR ranges change.
D. Create security groups in a central administrative AWS account. Create an AWS Firewall Manager common security group
policy for the whole organization. Select the previously created security groups as primary groups in the policy.
Comments
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A managed prefix list is a set of one or more CIDR blocks. You can use prefix lists to make it easier to configure and maintain your security groups
and route tables. You can create a prefix list from the IP addresses that you frequently use, and reference them as a set in security group rules and
routes instead of referencing them individually. If you scale your network and need to allow traffic from another CIDR block, you can update the
relevant prefix list and all security groups that use the prefix list are updated. You can also use managed prefix lists with other AWS accounts using
Resource Access Manager (RAM).
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/managed-prefix-lists.html#:~:text=A-,managed%20prefix,-list%20is%20a
upvoted 8 times
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Such a badly worded question:
"The company has multiple offices around the world. The company needs to update security group rules to allow new office CIDR ranges or to
remove old CIDR ranges across the organization."
Are the CIDR groups associated to offices? That will be illogical. I think it should be VPC and not offices.
upvoted 6 times
Gape4 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I will go for B
upvoted 2 times
KennethNg923 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
prefix list for CIDR blocks
upvoted 2 times
avdxeqtr 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/managed-prefix-lists.html
upvoted 2 times
ale_brd_111 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer is B
upvoted 2 times
achechen 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
looks like B is the answer. Reference: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/managed-prefix-lists.html
upvoted 3 times