A company is building an ecommerce application and needs to store sensitive customer information. The company needs to give
customers the ability to complete purchase transactions on the website. The company also needs to ensure that sensitive
customer data is protected, even from database administrators.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Store sensitive data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Use EBS encryption to encrypt the data. Use an
IAM instance role to restrict access.
B. Store sensitive data in Amazon RDS for MySQL. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) client-side encryption to
encrypt the data. Most Voted
C. Store sensitive data in Amazon S3. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) server-side encryption to encrypt the
data. Use S3 bucket policies to restrict access.
D. Store sensitive data in Amazon FSx for Windows Server. Mount the file share on application servers. Use Windows file
permissions to restrict access.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The key reasons are:
RDS MySQL provides a fully managed database service well suited for an ecommerce application.
AWS KMS client-side encryption allows encrypting sensitive data before it hits the database. The data remains encrypted at rest.
This protects sensitive customer data from database admins and privileged users.
EBS encryption (Option A) protects data at rest but not in use. IAM roles don't prevent admin access.
S3 (Option C) encrypts data at rest on the server side. Bucket policies don't restrict admin access.
FSx file permissions (Option D) don't prevent admin access to unencrypted data.
upvoted 12 times
pentium75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A, C and D would allow the administrator of the storage to access the data. Besides, it is data about "purchase transactions" which is usually stored in
a transactional database (such as RDS for MySQL), not in a file or object storage.
upvoted 8 times
sidharthwader 1 year, 7 months ago
Good thought purchase transactions I had missed that part
upvoted 2 times
SHAAHIBHUSHANAWS Most Recent 2 years ago
B
I want to go with B as question is for database administrator. Also client key encryption is possible in code and KMS can be used for encryption but
not using KMS keys. Encrypted data available in DB is of no use to DB admin.
upvoted 2 times
riyasara 2 years ago
Answer is option C. option B is not ideal because Amazon RDS for MySQL is a relational database service that is optimized for structured data, not fo
storing sensitive customer information. Moreover, by using client-side encryption with AWS KMS, you need to encrypt and decrypt the data in your
application code, which increases the risk of exposing your data in transit or at rest. You also need to manage the encryption keys yourself, which
adds complexity and overhead to your application.
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
"optimized for structured data, not for storing sensitive customer information" ... Data related to "purchase transactions" is usually structured; that it
contains "sensitive customer information" doesn't change the structured nature.
upvoted 4 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
eCommerce data and transaction data are ideal for RDS which, when encrypted, is secure even from the DBA.
upvoted 2 times
wsdasdasdqwdaw 2 years, 1 month ago
I would go for B, because RDS (database admins), but I would like to see as well encryption at rest as well, not only in transit.
upvoted 2 times
mrsoa 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Using client-side encryption we can protect
specific fields and guarantee only decryption
if the client has access to an API key, we can
protect specific fields even from database
admins
upvoted 3 times
D10SJoker 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
For me it's B because of "client-side encryption to encrypt the data"
upvoted 2 times
h8er 2 years, 4 months ago
keyword - database administrators
upvoted 5 times
allanm 10 months ago
False correlation. Just because it says "database administrators" doesn't mean RDS is the answer to this.
upvoted 1 times
Kiki_Pass 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
"even from database administrators" -> "Client Side encryption"
upvoted 4 times
Bmaster 2 years, 4 months ago
My choice is B
upvoted 4 times