A company wants to deploy a web application as a containerized application. The company wants to use a managed service that
can automatically create container images from source code and deploy the containerized application.
Which AWS service will meet these requirements?
A. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
B. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
C. AWS App Runner Most Voted
D. Amazon EC2
Comments
d00b229 Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
C. AWS App Runner
AWS App Runner is a fully managed service that simplifies the deployment of containerized applications. It automatically builds container images
from source code and deploys them, managing the underlying infrastructure for you.
upvoted 5 times
Yo_Mero Most Recent 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS App Runner is a fully managed container application service that simplifies deploying and running web applications and API services on AWS
without needing to manage infrastructure or container orchestration.
upvoted 2 times
6ce3034 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C. is the correct answer
AWS App Runner is a fully managed service that allows developers to deploy containerized applications directly from source code or container
images without managing the underlying infrastructure. It provides:
Automatic container image creation from source code (such as Git repositories).
Automatic scaling and load balancing.
Simplified deployment process for web applications.
upvoted 2 times
Mog57 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is the correct answer
B : Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) is a fully managed container orchestration service that helps you to more efficiently deploy,
manage, and scale containerized applications. It deeply integrates with the AWS environment to provide an easy-to-use solution for running
container workloads in the cloud and on premises with advanced security features using Amazon ECS Anywhere.
C: AWS App Runner builds and deploys web applications automatically, load balances traffic with encryption, scales to meet your traffic needs, and
allows for the configuration of how services are accessed and communicate with other AWS applications in a private Amazon VPC
upvoted 1 times
Mog57 1 year, 4 months ago
Sorry C is the coorect answer :
AWS App Runner is a fully managed service that makes it easy to quickly deploy containerized web applications and APIs. You can use an existing
container image, container registry, source code repository, or existing CI/CD workflow to quickly run a fully containerized web application.
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (83%)
B (17%)
upvoted 3 times
ShaiTay 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C. AWS App Runner - fully managed service designed for building and deploying containerized applications from source code or a container image.
upvoted 1 times
LavaPup 1 year, 8 months ago
C. AWS App Runner
upvoted 1 times
