A rapidly growing ecommerce company is running its workloads in a single AWS Region. A solutions architect must create a
disaster recovery (DR) strategy that includes a different AWS Region. The company wants its database to be up to date in the DR
Region with the least possible latency. The remaining infrastructure in the DR Region needs to run at reduced capacity and must
be able to scale up if necessary.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LOWEST recovery time objective (RTO)?
A. Use an Amazon Aurora global database with a pilot light deployment.
B. Use an Amazon Aurora global database with a warm standby deployment. Most Voted
C. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance with a pilot light deployment.
D. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance with a warm standby deployment.
Comments
Yechi Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Note: The difference between pilot light and warm standby can sometimes be difficult to understand. Both include an environment in your DR
Region with copies of your primary Region assets. The distinction is that pilot light cannot process requests without additional action taken first,
whereas warm standby can handle traffic (at reduced capacity levels) immediately. The pilot light approach requires you to “turn on” servers, possibly
deploy additional (non-core) infrastructure, and scale up, whereas warm standby only requires you to scale up (everything is already deployed and
running). Use your RTO and RPO needs to help you choose between these approaches.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/disaster-recovery-workloads-on-aws/disaster-recovery-options-in-the-cloud.html
upvoted 28 times
nickolaj Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option A is incorrect because while Amazon Aurora global database is a good solution for disaster recovery, pilot light deployment provides only a
minimalistic setup and would require manual intervention to make the DR Region fully operational, which increases the recovery time.
Option B is a better choice than Option A as it provides a warm standby deployment, which is an automated and more scalable setup than pilot light
deployment. In this setup, the database is replicated to the DR Region, and the standby instance can be brought up quickly in case of a disaster.
Option C is incorrect because Multi-AZ DB instances provide high availability, not disaster recovery.
Option D is a good choice for high availability, but it does not meet the requirement for DR in a different region with the least possible latency.
upvoted 23 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B: Warm Standby is better when it comes to LOWEST RTO.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/disaster-recovery-workloads-on-aws/disaster-recovery-options-in-the-cloud.html
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
"Different Region" rules out C and D ("Multi-AZ" is within a region)
"Run at reduced capacity" = warm standby (while "pilot light" means that DR resources are shut down and are started manually in case of failover)
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (97%)
3%
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The warm standby approach involves ensuring that there is a scaled down, but fully functional, copy of your production environment in another
Region.
With the pilot light approach, you replicate your data from one Region to another and provision a copy of your core workload infrastructure.
Resources required to support data replication and backup, such as databases and object storage, are always on. Other elements, such as application
servers, are loaded with application code and configurations, but are "switched off".
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
An Amazon Aurora global database with a warm standby deployment provides continuous replication from one AWS Region to another, keeping the
DR database up-to-date with minimal latency.
upvoted 2 times
A1975 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
In a Pilot Light scenario, only an EC2 Instance and a DB may be running. In Warm Standby, however, everything is running — in a much smaller
capacity. This means the load balancer, gateways, databases, all subnets, and everything else are ready to go on a moment's notice.
with reference to below statement Option B is a better choice than Option A.
"The remaining infrastructure in the DR Region needs to run at reduced capacity and must be able to scale up if necessary".
upvoted 2 times
krisfromtw 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
should be D.
upvoted 2 times
leoattf 2 years, 9 months ago
No, my friend. The question asks for deployment in another Region. Hence, it cannot be C or D.
The answer is B because is Global (different regions) and Ward Standby has faster RTO than Pilot Light.
upvoted 10 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
"Multi-AZ" = multiple AZs in same region, but requirement is "a different AWS Region".
upvoted 3 times