A company has a web application with sporadic usage patterns. There is heavy usage at the beginning of each month, moderate
usage at the start of each week, and unpredictable usage during the week. The application consists of a web server and a MySQL
database server running inside the data center. The company would like to move the application to the AWS Cloud, and needs to
select a cost-effective database platform that will not require database modifications.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Amazon DynamoDB
B. Amazon RDS for MySQL
C. MySQL-compatible Amazon Aurora Serverless Most Voted
D. MySQL deployed on Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group
Comments
channn Highly Voted 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C: Aurora Serverless is a MySQL-compatible relational database engine that automatically scales compute and memory resources based on
application usage. no upfront costs or commitments required.
A: DynamoDB is a NoSQL
B: Fixed cost on RDS class
D: More operation requires
upvoted 12 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy Highly Voted 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Answer C, MySQL-compatible Amazon Aurora Serverless, would be the best solution to meet the company's requirements.
Aurora Serverless can be a cost-effective option for databases with sporadic or unpredictable usage patterns since it automatically scales up or down
based on the current workload. Additionally, Aurora Serverless is compatible with MySQL, so it does not require any modifications to the
application's database code.
upvoted 6 times
TariqKipkemei Most Recent 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
The is a huge demand for auto-scaling which Amazon RDS cannot do. This contributes to the cost savings as Aurora serverless would scale done in
low peak times, this contributes to low costs.
upvoted 4 times
JKevin778 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
RDS is cheaper than Aurora.
upvoted 1 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
RDS is cheaper than Aurora if you have a fixed instance size, but NOT if you have "unpredictable" usage patterns, then Aurora Serverless (!) is
cheaper.
upvoted 7 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (91%)
9%
Answer C, MySQL-compatible Amazon Aurora Serverless, would be the best solution to meet the company's requirements.
upvoted 2 times
MrAWSAssociate 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Since we have sporadic & unpredictable usage for DB, Aurora Serverless would be fit more cost-efficient for this case scenario than RDS MySQL.
https://www.techtarget.com/searchcloudcomputing/answer/When-should-I-use-Amazon-RDS-vs-Aurora-Serverless
upvoted 1 times
antropaws 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C for sure.
upvoted 3 times
klayytech 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Amazon RDS for MySQL is a cost-effective database platform that will not require database modifications. It makes it easier to set up, operate, and
scale MySQL deployments in the cloud. With Amazon RDS, you can deploy scalable MySQL servers in minutes with cost-efficient and resizable
hardware capacity².
Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides fast and predictable performance with seamless scalability. DynamoDB
is a good choice for applications that require low-latency data access¹.
MySQL-compatible Amazon Aurora Serverless is an on-demand, auto-scaling configuration for Amazon Aurora (MySQL-compatible edition), where
the database will automatically start up, shut down, and scale capacity up or down based on your application's needs³.
So, Amazon RDS for MySQL is the best option for your requirements.
upvoted 2 times
klayytech 2 years, 8 months ago
sorry i will change to C , because
Amazon RDS for MySQL is a fully-managed relational database service that makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale MySQL deployments in the
cloud. Amazon Aurora Serverless is an on-demand, auto-scaling configuration for Amazon Aurora (MySQL-compatible edition), where the database
will automatically start up, shut down, and scale capacity up or down based on your application’s needs. It is a simple, cost-effective option for
infrequent, intermittent, or unpredictable workloads.
upvoted 3 times
boxu03 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon Aurora Serverless : a simple, cost-effective option for infrequent, intermittent, or unpredictable workloads
upvoted 4 times