A company has deployed a serverless application that invokes an AWS Lambda function when new documents are uploaded to an
Amazon S3 bucket. The application uses the Lambda function to process the documents. After a recent marketing campaign, the
company noticed that the application did not process many of the documents.
What should a solutions architect do to improve the architecture of this application?
A. Set the Lambda function's runtime timeout value to 15 minutes.
B. Configure an S3 bucket replication policy. Stage the documents in the S3 bucket for later processing.
C. Deploy an additional Lambda function. Load balance the processing of the documents across the two Lambda functions.
D. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Send the requests to the queue. Configure the queue as an
event source for Lambda. Most Voted
Comments
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy Highly Voted 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
To improve the architecture of this application, the best solution would be to use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to buffer the request
and decouple the S3 bucket from the Lambda function. This will ensure that the documents are not lost and can be processed at a later time if the
Lambda function is not available.
This will ensure that the documents are not lost and can be processed at a later time if the Lambda function is not available. By using Amazon SQS,
the architecture is decoupled and the Lambda function can process the documents in a scalable and fault-tolerant manner.
upvoted 5 times
Guru4Cloud Most Recent 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Send the requests to the queue. Configure the queue as an event source for
Lambd
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 3 years ago
Selected Answer: D
D is the best approach
upvoted 3 times
Russs99 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D is the correct answer
upvoted 3 times
Bilalglg93350 3 years, 2 months ago
D. Créez une file d’attente Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS). Envoyez les demandes à la file d’attente. Configurez la file d’attente en tant
que source d’événement pour Lambda.
Cette solution permet de gérer efficacement les pics de charge et d'éviter la perte de documents en cas d'augmentation soudaine du trafic. Lorsque
de nouveaux documents sont chargés dans le compartiment Amazon S3, les demandes sont envoyées à la file d'attente Amazon SQS, qui agit
comme un tampon. La fonction Lambda est déclenchée en fonction des événements dans la file d'attente, ce qui permet un traitement équilibré et
évite que l'application ne soit submergée par un grand nombre de documents simultanés.
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
Russs99 3 years, 2 months ago
exactement. si je pouvais explique come cela en Francais aussi
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Frrom Google Translate:
Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Send requests to the queue. Configure the queue as an event source for Lambda.
This solution makes it possible to effectively manage load peaks and avoid the loss of documents in the event of a sudden increase in traffic. When
new documents are uploaded to the Amazon S3 bucket, requests are sent to the Amazon SQS queue, which acts as a buffer. The Lambda function i
triggered based on events in the queue, which provides balanced processing and prevents the application from being overwhelmed by a large
number of concurrent documents.
upvoted 1 times
WherecanIstart 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D is the correct answer.
upvoted 1 times
kampatra 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D is correct
upvoted 1 times