A company has a large dataset for its online advertising business stored in an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance in a single
Availability Zone. The company wants business reporting queries to run without impacting the write operations to the production
DB instance.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Deploy RDS read replicas to process the business reporting queries. Most Voted
B. Scale out the DB instance horizontally by placing it behind an Elastic Load Balancer.
C. Scale up the DB instance to a larger instance type to handle write operations and queries.
D. Deploy the DB instance in multiple Availability Zones to process the business reporting queries.
Comments
mwwt2022 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
reporting queries to run without impacting the write operations -> read replicas
upvoted 6 times
Guru4Cloud Most Recent 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A) Deploy RDS read replicas to process the business reporting queries.
The key points are:
RDS read replicas allow read-only copies of the production DB instance to be created
Queries to the read replica don't affect the source DB instance performance
This isolates reporting queries from production traffic and write operations
So using RDS read replicas is the best way to meet the requirements of running reporting queries without impacting production write operations.
upvoted 4 times
james2033 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
"single AZ", "large dataset", "Amazon RDS for MySQL database". Want "business report queries". --> Solution "Read replicas", choose A.
upvoted 2 times
antropaws 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
No doubt A.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Load balance read operations = read replicas
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 1 month ago
reports=read replica
upvoted 2 times
KAUS2 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
Option "A" is the right answer . Read replica use cases - You have a production database
that is taking on normal load & You want to run a reporting application to run some analytics
• You create a Read Replica to run the new workload there
• The production application is unaffected
• Read replicas are used for SELECT (=read) only kind of statements (not INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE)
upvoted 3 times
cegama543 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
option A is the best solution for ensuring that business reporting queries can run without impacting write operations to the production DB instance.
upvoted 4 times