A financial company hosts a web application on AWS. The application uses an Amazon API Gateway Regional API endpoint to give
users the ability to retrieve current stock prices. The company’s security team has noticed an increase in the number of API
requests. The security team is concerned that HTTP flood attacks might take the application offline.
A solutions architect must design a solution to protect the application from this type of attack.
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the API Gateway Regional API endpoint with a maximum TTL of 24
hours.
B. Create a Regional AWS WAF web ACL with a rate-based rule. Associate the web ACL with the API Gateway stage. Most Voted
C. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the Count metric and alert the security team when the predefined rate is
reached.
D. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with Lambda@Edge in front of the API Gateway Regional API endpoint. Create an
AWS Lambda function to block requests from IP addresses that exceed the predefined rate.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Regional AWS WAF web ACL is a managed web application firewall that can be used to protect your API Gateway API from a variety of attacks,
including HTTP flood attacks.
Rate-based rule is a type of rule that can be used to limit the number of requests that can be made from a single IP address within a specified period
of time.
API Gateway stage is a logical grouping of API resources that can be used to control access to your API.
upvoted 10 times
elearningtakai Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A rate-based rule in AWS WAF allows the security team to configure thresholds that trigger rate-based rules, which enable AWS WAF to track the rate
of requests for a specified time period and then block them automatically when the threshold is exceeded. This provides the ability to prevent HTTP
flood attacks with minimal operational overhead.
upvoted 6 times
TariqKipkemei Most Recent 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer is B
upvoted 2 times
maxicalypse 2 years, 2 months ago
B os correct
upvoted 2 times
kampatra 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/web-acl.html
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)