A company is migrating an old application to AWS. The application runs a batch job every hour and is CPU intensive. The batch
job takes 15 minutes on average with an on-premises server. The server has 64 virtual CPU (vCPU) and 512 GiB of memory.
Which solution will run the batch job within 15 minutes with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use AWS Lambda with functional scaling.
B. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate.
C. Use Amazon Lightsail with AWS Auto Scaling.
D. Use AWS Batch on Amazon EC2. Most Voted
Comments
NolaHOla Highly Voted 3 years, 3 months ago
The amount of CPU and memory resources required by the batch job exceeds the capabilities of AWS Lambda and Amazon Lightsail with AWS Auto
Scaling, which offer limited compute resources. AWS Fargate offers containerized application orchestration and scalable infrastructure, but may
require additional operational overhead to configure and manage the environment. AWS Batch is a fully managed service that automatically
provisions the required infrastructure for batch jobs, with options to use different instance types and launch modes.
Therefore, the solution that will run the batch job within 15 minutes with the LEAST operational overhead is D. Use AWS Batch on Amazon EC2. AWS
Batch can handle all the operational aspects of job scheduling, instance management, and scaling while using Amazon EC2 injavascript:void(0)stance
with the right amount of CPU and memory resources to meet the job's requirements.
upvoted 22 times
everfly Highly Voted 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
AWS Batch is a fully-managed service that can launch and manage the compute resources needed to execute batch jobs. It can scale the compute
environment based on the size and timing of the batch jobs.
upvoted 13 times
FlyingHawk Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Lambda has a hard limit of 10 GB of memory and 6 vCPUs per function execution, Amazon Light sail has the limit of 8vCPUs and 32GB memory, so A
and C out, B and D can meet vCPU and memory requirements, but B is more expensive than D, so correct answer is D.
upvoted 1 times
Danilus 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
key-The batch job takes 15 minutes on average
key-LEAST operational overhead
key-the batch job
is not A because lambda execution takes 15 max and lambda dont support 512 GIB of memory
the answer is D batch it is designed to run large-scale batch jobs an automatically manages the scaling of resources also batch allow jobs to be
distributed accross multiple instances because supports parallel execution
upvoted 3 times
Ramdi1 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
The question needs to be phrased differently. I assume at first it was Lambda, because it says 15 minutes in the question which can be done. Yes it
also does say CPU intensive however they go on with a full stop and then give you the server specs. It does not say it uses that much of the specs so
they need to really rephrase the questions.
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (98%)
2%
allanm 10 months, 1 week ago
The 15 mins requirement is a distraction - lambda cannot process the requirement given the memory size of the job
upvoted 1 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
The main reasons are:
AWS Batch can easily schedule and run batch jobs on EC2 instances. It can scale up to the required vCPUs and memory to match the on-premises
server.
Using EC2 provides full control over the instance type to meet the resource needs.
No servers or clusters to manage like with ECS/Fargate or Lightsail. AWS Batch handles this automatically.
More cost effective and operationally simple compared to Lambda which is not ideal for long running batch jobs.
upvoted 7 times
BrijMohan08 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
On-Prem was avg 15 min, but target state architecture is expected to finish within 15 min
upvoted 1 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
How? The on-prem server has 64 CPUs and 512 GB RAM, Lambda offers much less. And even on-prem it takes 15 minutes ON AVERAGE, sometime
more.
upvoted 5 times
jayce5 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Not Lambda, "average 15 minutes" means there are jobs with running more and less than 15 minutes. Lambda max is 15 minutes.
upvoted 3 times
Gooniegoogoo 2 years, 11 months ago
This is for certain a tough one. I do see that they have thrown a curve ball in making it Lambda Functional scaling, however what we dont know is if
this application has many request or one large one.. looks like Lambda can scale and use the same lambda env.. seems intensive tho so will go with D
upvoted 5 times
TariqKipkemei 3 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
AWS Batch
upvoted 3 times
JLII 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Not A because: "AWS Lambda now supports up to 10 GB of memory and 6 vCPU cores for Lambda Functions." https://aws.amazon.com/about-
aws/whats-new/2020/12/aws-lambda-supports-10gb-memory-6-vcpu-cores-lambda-functions/ vs. "The server has 64 virtual CPU (vCPU) and 512
GiB of memory" in the question.
upvoted 7 times
geekgirl22 3 years, 3 months ago
A is the answer. Lambda is known that has a limit of 15 minutes. So for as long as it says "within 15 minutes" that should be a clear indication it is
Lambda
upvoted 2 times
nder 3 years, 3 months ago
Wrong, the job takes "On average 15 minutes" and requires more cpu and ram than lambda can deal with. AWS Batch is correct in this scenario
upvoted 4 times
geekgirl22 3 years, 3 months ago
read the rest of the question which gives the answer:
"Which solution will run the batch job within 15 minutes with the LEAST operational overhead?"
Keyword "Within 15 minutes"
upvoted 3 times
Lonojack 3 years, 3 months ago
What happens if it EXCEEDS the 15 min AVERAGE?
Average = possibly can be more than 15min.
The safer bet would be option D: AWS Batch on EC2
upvoted 8 times
Terion 2 years, 8 months ago
I think what he means is that it takes on average 15 min on prem only
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
How are you going to get 64 vCPUS to a Lambda function?
upvoted 2 times
bdp123 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
AWS batch on EC2
upvoted 2 times