A company has an ecommerce checkout workflow that writes an order to a database and calls a service to process the payment.
Users are experiencing timeouts during the checkout process. When users resubmit the checkout form, multiple unique orders are
created for the same desired transaction.
How should a solutions architect refactor this workflow to prevent the creation of multiple orders?
A. Configure the web application to send an order message to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. Set the payment service to
retrieve the message from Kinesis Data Firehose and process the order.
B. Create a rule in AWS CloudTrail to invoke an AWS Lambda function based on the logged application path request. Use
Lambda to query the database, call the payment service, and pass in the order information.
C. Store the order in the database. Send a message that includes the order number to Amazon Simple Notification Service
(Amazon SNS). Set the payment service to poll Amazon SNS, retrieve the message, and process the order.
D. Store the order in the database. Send a message that includes the order number to an Amazon Simple Queue Service
(Amazon SQS) FIFO queue. Set the payment service to retrieve the message and process the order. Delete the message from
the queue. Most Voted
Comments
Aninina Highly Voted 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D. Store the order in the database. Send a message that includes the order number to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue.
Set the payment service to retrieve the message and process the order. Delete the message from the queue.
This approach ensures that the order creation and payment processing steps are separate and atomic. By sending the order information to an SQS
FIFO queue, the payment service can process the order one at a time and in the order they were received. If the payment service is unable to process
an order, it can be retried later, preventing the creation of multiple orders. The deletion of the message from the queue after it is processed will
prevent the same message from being processed multiple times.
It's worth noting that FIFO queues guarantee that messages are processed in the order they are received, and prevent duplicates.
upvoted 11 times
cookieMr Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A. is not a suitable solution for preventing the creation of multiple orders. This approach does not guarantee the sequential and reliable processing
of orders.
B. is not an appropriate solution for preventing the creation of multiple orders. CloudTrail is primarily used for logging and auditing API activity, and
invoking a Lambda based on the logged request does not ensure the correct order processing.
C. is not a suitable solution. SNS is a publish-subscribe messaging service, and polling it may result in delayed processing and potential order
duplication.
D. is the correct solution. Using an SQS FIFO ensures that the orders are processed in a sequential and reliable manner, preventing the creation of
multiple orders for the same transaction.
upvoted 7 times
TariqKipkemei Most Recent 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
if the backend can not keep up, queue the tasks.
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
Selected Answer: D
D. Store the order in the database. Send a message that includes the order number to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue.
Set the payment service to retrieve the message and process the order. Delete the message from the queue.
upvoted 2 times
animefan1 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
The question is related in breaking down the flow. SQS is go-to choice to decouple & DB will be used to store
upvoted 2 times
antropaws 2 years, 5 months ago
Why not A?
upvoted 1 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Because Kinesis Data Firehose is for ingestion of streaming data, not queuing items.
upvoted 4 times
Wael216 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
The use of a FIFO queue in Amazon SQS ensures that messages are processed in the order they are received.
upvoted 2 times
mhmt4438 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/95026-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/
upvoted 4 times
bamishr 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
asnwer is d
upvoted 3 times