A solutions architect is designing a company’s disaster recovery (DR) architecture. The company has a MySQL database that runs
on an Amazon EC2 instance in a private subnet with scheduled backup. The DR design needs to include multiple AWS Regions.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Migrate the MySQL database to multiple EC2 instances. Configure a standby EC2 instance in the DR Region. Turn on
replication.
B. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS. Use a Multi-AZ deployment. Turn on read replication for the primary DB
instance in the different Availability Zones.
C. Migrate the MySQL database to an Amazon Aurora global database. Host the primary DB cluster in the primary Region.
Host the secondary DB cluster in the DR Region. Most Voted
D. Store the scheduled backup of the MySQL database in an Amazon S3 bucket that is configured for S3 Cross-Region
Replication (CRR). Use the data backup to restore the database in the DR Region.
Comments
LuckyAro Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
C: Migrate MySQL database to an Amazon Aurora global database is the best solution because it requires minimal operational overhead. Aurora is a
managed service that provides automatic failover, so standby instances do not need to be manually configured. The primary DB cluster can be
hosted in the primary Region, and the secondary DB cluster can be hosted in the DR Region. This approach ensures that the data is always available
and up-to-date in multiple Regions, without requiring significant manual intervention.
upvoted 11 times
AlessandraSAA Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A. Multiple EC2 instances to be configured and updated manually in case of DR.
B. Amazon RDS=Multi-AZ while it asks to be multi-region
C. correct, see comment from LuckyAro
D. Manual process to start the DR, therefore same limitation as answer A
upvoted 11 times
gulmichamagaun5 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
hello friends, question required: The DR design needs to include multiple AWS Regions, but the correct answer is B, how it comes, because the DR
here is on AZ not Different Region so the i would go with D
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
LEAST operational overhead = Serverless = Amazon Aurora global database
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon Aurora global database can span and replicate DB Servers between multiple AWS Regions. And also compatible with MySQL.
upvoted 2 times
GalileoEC2 2 years, 8 months ago
C, Why B? B is multi zone in one region, C is multi region as it was requested
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
lucdt4 2 years, 6 months ago
" The DR design needs to include multiple AWS Regions."
with the requirement "DR SITE multiple AWS region" -> B is wrong, because it deploy multy AZ (this is not multi region)
upvoted 2 times
KZM 2 years, 9 months ago
Amazon Aurora global database can span and replicate DB Servers between multiple AWS Regions. And also compatible with MySQL.
upvoted 4 times
LuckyAro 2 years, 9 months ago
With dynamic scaling, the Auto Scaling group will automatically adjust the number of instances based on the actual workload. The target value for
the CPU utilization metric is set to 60%, which is the baseline CPU utilization that is noted on each run, indicating that this is a reasonable level of
utilization for the workload. This solution does not require any scheduling or forecasting, reducing the operational overhead.
upvoted 1 times
LuckyAro 2 years, 9 months ago
Sorry, Posted right answer to the wrong question, mistakenly clicked the next question, sorry.
upvoted 6 times
geekgirl22 2 years, 9 months ago
C is the answer as RDS is only multi-zone not multi region.
upvoted 2 times
bdp123 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Replication.html
upvoted 2 times
SMAZ 2 years, 9 months ago
C
option A has operation overhead whereas option C not.
upvoted 2 times
alexman 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C mentions multiple regions. Option B is within the same region
upvoted 4 times
jennyka76 2 years, 9 months ago
ANSWER - B ?? NOT SURE
upvoted 1 times