A transaction processing company has weekly scripted batch jobs that run on Amazon EC2 instances. The EC2 instances are in an
Auto Scaling group. The number of transactions can vary, but the baseline CPU utilization that is noted on each run is at least 60%.
The company needs to provision the capacity 30 minutes before the jobs run.
Currently, engineers complete this task by manually modifying the Auto Scaling group parameters. The company does not have
the resources to analyze the required capacity trends for the Auto Scaling group counts. The company needs an automated way to
modify the Auto Scaling group’s desired capacity.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create a dynamic scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group. Configure the policy to scale based on the CPU utilization
metric. Set the target value for the metric to 60%.
B. Create a scheduled scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group. Set the appropriate desired capacity, minimum capacity, and
maximum capacity. Set the recurrence to weekly. Set the start time to 30 minutes before the batch jobs run.
C. Create a predictive scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group. Configure the policy to scale based on forecast. Set the scaling
metric to CPU utilization. Set the target value for the metric to 60%. In the policy, set the instances to pre-launch 30 minutes
before the jobs run. Most Voted
D. Create an Amazon EventBridge event to invoke an AWS Lambda function when the CPU utilization metric value for the Auto
Scaling group reaches 60%. Configure the Lambda function to increase the Auto Scaling group’s desired capacity and
maximum capacity by 20%.
Comments
fkie4 Highly Voted 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
B is NOT correct. the question said "The company does not have the resources to analyze the required capacity trends for the Auto Scaling group
counts.".
answer B said "Set the appropriate desired capacity, minimum capacity, and maximum capacity".
how can someone set desired capacity if he has no resources to analyze the required capacity.
Read carefully Amigo
upvoted 29 times
jjcode 2 years, 3 months ago
works loads can vary, how can you predict something that is random?
upvoted 2 times
ealpuche 3 years, 1 month ago
But you can make a vague estimation according to the resources used; you don't need to make machine learning models to do that. You only need
common sense.
upvoted 2 times
Murtadhaceit 2 years, 6 months ago
Your explanation is contradicting your answer. Since "the company does not have the resources to analyze the required capacity trend for the
ASG", how come they can create and ASG based on a historic trend?
C doesn't make sense for me.
upvoted 4 times
omoakin 3 years ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (67%)
B (31%)
2%
scheduled scaling....
upvoted 4 times
neverdie Highly Voted 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A scheduled scaling policy allows you to set up specific times for your Auto Scaling group to scale out or scale in. By creating a scheduled scaling
policy for the Auto Scaling group, you can set the appropriate desired capacity, minimum capacity, and maximum capacity, and set the recurrence to
weekly. You can then set the start time to 30 minutes before the batch jobs run, ensuring that the required capacity is provisioned before the jobs
run.
Option C, creating a predictive scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group, is not necessary in this scenario since the company does not have the
resources to analyze the required capacity trends for the Auto Scaling group counts. This would require analyzing the required capacity trends for the
Auto Scaling group counts to determine the appropriate scaling policy.
upvoted 8 times
MssP 3 years, 2 months ago
Look at fkie4 comment... no way to know desired capacity!!! -> B not correct
upvoted 1 times
Lalo 3 years ago
the text says
1.-"A transaction processing company has weekly scripted batch jobs", there is a Schedule
2.-" The company does not have the resources to analyze the required capacity trends for the Auto Scaling " Do not use
the answer is B
upvoted 4 times
[Removed] 3 years, 2 months ago
B is correct. "Predictive scaling uses machine learning to predict capacity requirements based on historical data from CloudWatch.", meaning the
company does not have to analyze the capacity trends themselves. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/ec2-auto-scaling-
predictive-scaling.html
upvoted 3 times
JustEugen Most Recent 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The reason why I picked C, and not B, is because: "The company does not have the resources to analyze the required capacity trends for the Auto
Scaling group counts".
If you would use B, you have to manually analyze min and max to always have that window, with C it will be done by AWS + we already have a
history, so should not be the problem
upvoted 1 times
Charlesvg 11 months, 3 weeks ago
Selected Answer: B
Predictive scaling is for irregular workload based on known history. (no history here)
Schedulked scaling is for the workload is know (60% baseline) and planned (here once a week)
upvoted 1 times
bora4motion 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
C is a bit weird - it says "predictive"while the question says "there's no budget to analyze".
upvoted 1 times
bora4motion 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
B is correct
You know the schedule: weekly jobs → exact match.
You don’t need to analyze utilization trends → simple config.
1-time setup → minimal overhead.
C is wrong, at first glance, looks great.
❌ BUT it requires historical data and analysis — which the company cannot support.
Setup and tuning introduce overhead.
¸ Breaks the “company lacks resources to analyze trends” condition.
¸ Incorrect.
upvoted 2 times
9820ad3 1 year, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is correct answer ...........................................
upvoted 1 times
Denise123 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Option A - Dynamic scaling policy is reactive not proactive.
Option B - Scheduled policy is not suitable as it says the work loads can vary
Option C - Correct
Option D - Irrelevant
upvoted 1 times
EllenLiu 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
"The company does not have the resources to analyze the required capacity trends for the Auto Scaling group counts. " ==> this means this
company can take advantage of cloudwatch metric and auto scaling on AWS to set up a predictive scaling group, so that no need to have any
resources for this kind of task any more.??
upvoted 1 times
studydue 1 year, 7 months ago
Answer should be B
Pref: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/ec2-auto-scaling-predictive-scaling.html
Pref: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/predictive-scaling-policy-overview.html
keyword for this question: "s. The company does not have
the resources to analyze the required capacity trends for the Auto Scaling group counts"
upvoted 2 times
Hkayne 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
B or C.
I think C because the company needs an automated way to modify the autoscaling desired capacity
upvoted 1 times
jjcode 2 years, 3 months ago
How does C works with : transactions can vary, clearly C is designed for workloads that are predictable, if the transactions can vary then predictive
scaling will not work. The only one that will work is scheduled since its based on time not workload intensity.
upvoted 3 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C per https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/predictive-scaling-create-policy.html.
B is out because it wants the company to 'set the desired/minimum/maximum capacity' but "the company does not have the resources to analyze
the required capacity".
upvoted 6 times
Cyberkayu 2 years, 5 months ago
Lambda did not appear to take over scripting/batch job, what a surprise
upvoted 4 times
daniel1 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
From GPT4:
mong the provided options, creating a scheduled scaling policy (Option B) is the most direct and efficient way to ensure that the necessary capacity
is provisioned 30 minutes before the weekly batch jobs run, with the least operational overhead. Here's a breakdown of Option B:
B. Create a scheduled scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group. Set the appropriate desired capacity, minimum capacity, and maximum capacity. Set
the recurrence to weekly. Set the start time to 30 minutes before the batch jobs run.
Scheduled scaling allows you to change the desired capacity of your Auto Scaling group based on a schedule. In this case, setting the recurrence to
weekly and adjusting the start time to 30 minutes before the batch jobs run will ensure that the necessary capacity is available when needed, without
requiring manual intervention.
upvoted 5 times
TheFivePips 2 years, 3 months ago
yeah chatgpt told me this, so maybe dont take its word as gospel:
Upon reviewing the question again, it appears that the requirements emphasize the need to provision capacity 30 minutes before the batch jobs
run and the company's constraint of not having resources to analyze capacity trends. In this context, the most suitable solution is C.
Predictive Scaling can use historical data to forecast future capacity needs.
Configuring the policy to scale based on CPU utilization with a target value of 60% aligns with the baseline CPU utilization mentioned in the
scenario.
Setting instances to pre-launch 30 minutes before the jobs run provides the desired capacity just in time.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Predictive scaling: increases the number of EC2 instances in your Auto Scaling group in advance of daily and weekly patterns in traffic flows. If you
have regular patterns of traffic increases use predictive scaling, to help you scale faster by launching capacity in advance of forecasted load. You
don't have to spend time reviewing your application's load patterns and trying to schedule the right amount of capacity using scheduled scaling.
Predictive scaling uses machine learning to predict capacity requirements based on historical data from CloudWatch. The machine learning algorithm
consumes the available historical data and calculates capacity that best fits the historical load pattern, and then continuously learns based on new
data to make future forecasts more accurate.
upvoted 2 times
bsbs1234 2 years, 8 months ago
should be C. Question does not say how long the job will run. don't know when to set the end time in the schedule policy.
upvoted 2 times