A company uses an Amazon EC2 instance to run a script to poll for and process messages in an Amazon Simple Queue Service
(Amazon SQS) queue. The company wants to reduce operational costs while maintaining its ability to process a growing number
of messages that are added to the queue.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
A. Increase the size of the EC2 instance to process messages faster.
B. Use Amazon EventBridge to turn off the EC2 instance when the instance is underutilized.
C. Migrate the script on the EC2 instance to an AWS Lambda function with the appropriate runtime. Most Voted
D. Use AWS Systems Manager Run Command to run the script on demand.
Comments
kpato87 Highly Voted 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
By migrating the script to AWS Lambda, the company can take advantage of the auto-scaling feature of the service. AWS Lambda will automatically
scale resources to match the size of the workload. This means that the company will not have to worry about provisioning or managing instances as
the number of messages increases, resulting in lower operational costs
upvoted 13 times
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The key points are:
Currently using an EC2 instance to poll SQS and process messages
Want to reduce costs while handling growing message volume
By migrating the polling script to a Lambda function, the company can avoid the cost of running a dedicated EC2 instance. Lambda functions scale
automatically to handle message spikes. And Lambda billing is based on actual usage, resulting in cost savings versus provisioned EC2 capacity.
upvoted 8 times
TariqKipkemei Most Recent 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
reduce operational costs = serverless = Lambda functions
upvoted 2 times
Steve_4542636 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Lambda costs money only when it's processing, not when idle
upvoted 3 times
ManOnTheMoon 3 years, 3 months ago
Agree with C
upvoted 1 times
khasport 3 years, 3 months ago
the answer is C. With this option, you can reduce operational cost as the question mentioned
upvoted 1 times
LuckyAro 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (91%)
9%
AWS Lambda is a serverless compute service that allows you to run your code without provisioning or managing servers. By migrating the script to
an AWS Lambda function, you can eliminate the need to maintain an EC2 instance, reducing operational costs. Additionally, Lambda automatically
scales to handle the increasing number of messages in the SQS queue.
upvoted 1 times
zTopic 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
It Should be C.
Lambda allows you to execute code without provisioning or managing servers, so it is ideal for running scripts that poll for and process messages in
an Amazon SQS queue. The scaling of the Lambda function is automatic, and you only pay for the actual time it takes to process the messages.
upvoted 3 times
Bhawesh 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
To reduce the operational overhead, it should be:
D. Use AWS Systems Manager Run Command to run the script on demand.
upvoted 3 times
lucdt4 3 years ago
No, replace EC2 instead by using lambda to reduce costs
upvoted 1 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
So every time an item is added to the queue, you log into AWS Systems Manager through your browser, select "Run Command" and select your
instance and enter the command to run the script?
upvoted 4 times
ike001 1 year, 11 months ago
very sarcastic question :)
upvoted 1 times