A company runs a web application that is deployed on Amazon EC2 instances in the private subnet of a VPC. An Application Load
Balancer (ALB) that extends across the public subnets directs web traffic to the EC2 instances. The company wants to implement
new security measures to restrict inbound traffic from the ALB to the EC2 instances while preventing access from any other source
inside or outside the private subnet of the EC2 instances.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure a route in a route table to direct traffic from the internet to the private IP addresses of the EC2 instances.
B. Configure the security group for the EC2 instances to only allow traffic that comes from the security group for the ALB.
Most Voted
C. Move the EC2 instances into the public subnet. Give the EC2 instances a set of Elastic IP addresses.
D. Configure the security group for the ALB to allow any TCP traffic on any port.
Comments
Abrar2022 Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Read the discussion, that’s the whole point why examtopics picks the wrong answer. Follow most voted answer not examtopics answer
upvoted 13 times
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Configure the security group for the EC2 instances to only allow traffic that comes from the security group for the ALB
upvoted 8 times
Rcosmos Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Solução Detalhada:
Configure o grupo de segurança do EC2 com uma regra de entrada para permitir conexões apenas do grupo de segurança do ALB.
A AWS permite essa associação dinâmica, o que garante que apenas o tráfego legítimo roteado pelo ALB possa chegar às instâncias.
Essa é uma prática recomendada e atende ao objetivo de restringir o acesso às instâncias do EC2.
upvoted 1 times
Rcosmos 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Explicação
Requisito: Garantir que o tráfego para as instâncias do EC2 só venha do Application Load Balancer (ALB) e não de outras fontes dentro ou fora da
sub-rede privada.
Como funciona:
O grupo de segurança associado às instâncias do EC2 pode ser configurado para aceitar tráfego apenas de outro grupo de segurança, neste caso, o
do ALB.
Isso cria uma relação explícita, onde as instâncias do EC2 só aceitam conexões originadas pelo ALB, independentemente de sua localização (sub-rede
pública ou privada).
upvoted 1 times
awslearner7 2 years, 4 months ago
can anybody explains the question?
upvoted 2 times
theochan 1 year, 10 months ago
i don't even understand what the question is trying to ask
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
upvoted 1 times
David_Ang 2 years, 1 month ago
is just admins fault dont worry, he just made a mistake, because "C" doesnt make any sence
upvoted 1 times
antropaws 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
It's very confusing that the system marks C as correct.
upvoted 3 times
FFO 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
This is B. Question already tells us they only want ONLY traffic from the ALB.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 8 months ago
Answer is B
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 2 months ago
A security group acts as a firewall that controls the traffic allowed to and from the resources in your virtual private cloud (VPC).
upvoted 2 times
GalileoEC2 2 years, 8 months ago
Why C! another cazy answer , If i am concern about security why I would want to expose my EC2 to the public internet,not make sense at all, am I
correct with this? I also go with B
upvoted 3 times
LuckyAro 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is the correct answer.
upvoted 3 times
kpato87 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
configure the security group for the EC2 instances to only allow traffic that comes from the security group for the ALB. This ensures that only the
traffic originating from the ALB is allowed access to the EC2 instances in the private subnet, while denying any other traffic from other sources. The
other options do not provide a suitable solution to meet the stated requirements.
upvoted 5 times
Bhawesh 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B. Configure the security group for the EC2 instances to only allow traffic that comes from the security group for the ALB.
upvoted 4 times