A company hosts a serverless application on AWS. The application uses Amazon API Gateway, AWS Lambda, and an Amazon RDS
for PostgreSQL database. The company notices an increase in application errors that result from database connection timeouts
during times of peak traffic or unpredictable traffic. The company needs a solution that reduces the application failures with the
least amount of change to the code.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Reduce the Lambda concurrency rate.
B. Enable RDS Proxy on the RDS DB instance. Most Voted
C. Resize the RDS DB instance class to accept more connections.
D. Migrate the database to Amazon DynamoDB with on-demand scaling.
Comments
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 3 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
Many applications, including those built on modern serverless architectures, can have a large number of open connections to the database server
and may open and close database connections at a high rate, exhausting database memory and compute resources. Amazon RDS Proxy allows
applications to pool and share connections established with the database, improving database efficiency and application scalability. With RDS Proxy,
failover times for Aurora and RDS databases are reduced by up to 66%.
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/proxy/
upvoted 11 times
Murtadhaceit Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A. Reduce the Lambda concurrency rate? Has nothing to do with decreasing connections timeout.
B. Enable RDS Proxy on the RDS DB instance. Correct answer
C. Resize the RDS DB instance class to accept more connections? More connections means worse performance. Therefore, not correct.
D. Migrate the database to Amazon DynamoDB with on-demand scaling? DynamoDB is a noSQL database. Not correct.
upvoted 6 times
JA2018 Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Keys found in STEM:
1. The company notices an increase in application errors that result from database connection timeouts during times of peak traffic or unpredictable
traffic.
2. The company needs a solution that reduces the application failures with the least amount of change to the code.
upvoted 1 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
RDS Proxy is a fully managed, highly available, and scalable proxy for Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) that makes it easy to connect to
your RDS instances from applications running on AWS Lambda. RDS Proxy offloads the management of connections to the database, which can help
to improve performance and reliability.
upvoted 4 times
elearningtakai 3 years, 2 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
Selected Answer: B
To reduce application failures resulting from database connection timeouts, the best solution is to enable RDS Proxy on the RDS DB instance
upvoted 2 times
WherecanIstart 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
RDS Proxy
upvoted 4 times
nder 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
RDS Proxy will pool connections, no code changes need to be made
upvoted 2 times
bdp123 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
RDS proxy
upvoted 2 times
Neha999 3 years, 3 months ago
B RDS Proxy
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/proxy/
upvoted 3 times