A company is building an application that consists of several microservices. The company has decided to use container
technologies to deploy its software on AWS. The company needs a solution that minimizes the amount of ongoing effort for
maintenance and scaling. The company cannot manage additional infrastructure.
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster. Most Voted
B. Deploy the Kubernetes control plane on Amazon EC2 instances that span multiple Availability Zones.
C. Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service with an Amazon EC2 launch type. Specify a desired task
number level of greater than or equal to 2.
D. Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service with a Fargate launch type. Specify a desired task number
level of greater than or equal to 2. Most Voted
E. Deploy Kubernetes worker nodes on Amazon EC2 instances that span multiple Availability Zones. Create a deployment that
specifies two or more replicas for each microservice.
Comments
cookieMr Highly Voted 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
Options B and E suggest deploying the Kubernetes control plane and worker nodes on EC2 instances, which would require managing the
infrastructure and add ongoing maintenance overhead, contrary to the requirement of minimizing effort.
Option C suggests using the Amazon EC2 launch type for ECS, which still requires managing EC2 instances and is not as cost-effective and scalable a
using Fargate.
Therefore, the combination of deploying an Amazon ECS cluster and an ECS service with a Fargate launch type (options A and D) is the most suitable
for minimizing maintenance and scaling effort without managing additional infrastructure.
upvoted 9 times
AlessandraSAA Highly Voted 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
ECS has 2 launch type, EC2 (you maintain the infra) and Fargate (serverless). Since the question ask for no additional infra to manage it should be
Fargate.
upvoted 5 times
TariqKipkemei Most Recent 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
Company needs a solution that minimizes the amount of ongoing effort for maintenance and scaling = Serverless = ECS with Fargate.
upvoted 4 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Rule of thumbs for AWS exams, always opt for AWS managed services
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
ECS allows deploying and managing containers without having to provision the underlying infrastructure. This minimizes maintenance effort.
Using Fargate launch type means ECS will handle provisioning and scaling the infrastructure automatically. This removes the management overhead
for the company.
Correct Answer: AD
Community vote distribution
AD (100%)
Running multiple tasks and specifying desired count ≥ 2 will provide high availability across Availability Zones.
Together, ECS plus Fargate provide a fully managed container platform. The company doesn't need to provision or manage servers.
upvoted 4 times
LoXeras 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
AWS Farget is server less solution to use on ECS: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/AWS_Fargate.html
upvoted 3 times
lambda15 3 years, 2 months ago
why is c is incorrect ?
upvoted 1 times
Julio98 3 years, 2 months ago
Because in the question says, "minimizes the amount of ongoing effort for maintenance and scaling", and EC2 instances you need effort to maintain
the infrastructure unlike fargate that is serverless.
upvoted 3 times
WherecanIstart 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
Amazon Fargate is a service that is fully manageable by Amazon; it offers provisioning, configuration and scaling feature. It is "serverless"..
upvoted 2 times
devonwho 3 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
AWS Fargate is a technology that you can use with Amazon ECS to run containers without having to manage servers or clusters of Amazon EC2
instances. With Fargate, you no longer have to provision, configure, or scale clusters of virtual machines to run containers.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/userguide/what-is-fargate.html
upvoted 4 times
Aninina 3 years, 4 months ago
A D is the correct answer
upvoted 2 times
mhmt4438 3 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
A,D is correct answer
upvoted 3 times
AHUI 3 years, 4 months ago
AD:
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/60032-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c02/
upvoted 4 times
Morinator 3 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
AD - EC2 out for this, cluster + fargate is the right answer
upvoted 5 times