A company has an aging network-attached storage (NAS) array in its data center. The NAS array presents SMB shares and NFS
shares to client workstations. The company does not want to purchase a new NAS array. The company also does not want to incur
the cost of renewing the NAS array’s support contract. Some of the data is accessed frequently, but much of the data is inactive.
A solutions architect needs to implement a solution that migrates the data to Amazon S3, uses S3 Lifecycle policies, and maintains
the same look and feel for the client workstations. The solutions architect has identified AWS Storage Gateway as part of the
solution.
Which type of storage gateway should the solutions architect provision to meet these requirements?
A. Volume Gateway
B. Tape Gateway
C. Amazon FSx File Gateway
D. Amazon S3 File Gateway Most Voted
Comments
LuckyAro Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Amazon S3 File Gateway provides on-premises applications with access to virtually unlimited cloud storage using NFS and SMB file interfaces. It
seamlessly moves frequently accessed data to a low-latency cache while storing colder data in Amazon S3, using S3 Lifecycle policies to transition
data between storage classes over time.
In this case, the company's aging NAS array can be replaced with an Amazon S3 File Gateway that presents the same NFS and SMB shares to the
client workstations. The data can then be migrated to Amazon S3 and managed using S3 Lifecycle policies
upvoted 17 times
everfly Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Amazon S3 File Gateway provides a file interface to objects stored in S3. It can be used for a file-based interface with S3, which allows the company
to migrate their NAS array data to S3 while maintaining the same look and feel for client workstations. Amazon S3 File Gateway supports SMB and
NFS protocols, which will allow clients to continue to access the data using these protocols. Additionally, Amazon S3 Lifecycle policies can be used to
automate the movement of data to lower-cost storage tiers, reducing the storage cost of inactive data.
upvoted 7 times
pentium75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A - provides virtual disk via iSCSI
B - provides virtual tape via iSCSI
C - provides access to FSx via SMB
upvoted 5 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
The Amazon S3 File Gateway enables you to store and retrieve objects in Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) using file protocols such as Network
File System (NFS) and Server Message Block (SMB).
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
Selected Answer: D
It provides an easy way to lift-and-shift file data from the existing NAS to Amazon S3. The S3 File Gateway presents SMB and NFS file shares that
client workstations can access just like the NAS shares.
Behind the scenes, it moves the file data to S3 storage, storing it durably and cost-effectively.
S3 Lifecycle policies can be used to transition less frequently accessed data to lower-cost S3 storage tiers like S3 Glacier.
From the client workstation perspective, access to files feels seamless and unchanged after migration to S3. The S3 File Gateway handles the
underlying data transfers.
It is a simple, low-cost gateway option tailored for basic file share migration use cases.
upvoted 4 times
james2033 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
- Volume Gateway: https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/volume/ (Remove A, related iSCSI)
- Tape Gateway https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/vtl/ (Remove B)
- Amazon FSx File Gateway https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/file/fsx/ (C)
- Why not choose C? Because need working with Amazon S3. (Answer D, and it is correct answer) https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/file/s3/
upvoted 4 times
siyam008 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/storage/how-to-create-smb-file-shares-with-aws-storage-gateway-using-hyper-v/
upvoted 3 times
bdp123 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2018/06/aws-storage-gateway-adds-smb-support-to-store-objects-in-amazon-s3/
upvoted 4 times