A company runs a highly available SFTP service. The SFTP service uses two Amazon EC2 Linux instances that run with elastic IP
addresses to accept traffic from trusted IP sources on the internet. The SFTP service is backed by shared storage that is attached to
the instances. User accounts are created and managed as Linux users in the SFTP servers.
The company wants a serverless option that provides high IOPS performance and highly configurable security. The company also
wants to maintain control over user permissions.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create an encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP service with a
public endpoint that allows only trusted IP addresses. Attach the EBS volume to the SFTP service endpoint. Grant users access
to the SFTP service.
B. Create an encrypted Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP service with
elastic IP addresses and a VPC endpoint that has internet-facing access. Attach a security group to the endpoint that allows
only trusted IP addresses. Attach the EFS volume to the SFTP service endpoint. Grant users access to the SFTP service.
Most Voted
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket with default encryption enabled. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP service with a public
endpoint that allows only trusted IP addresses. Attach the S3 bucket to the SFTP service endpoint. Grant users access to the
SFTP service.
D. Create an Amazon S3 bucket with default encryption enabled. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP service with a VPC
endpoint that has internal access in a private subnet. Attach a security group that allows only trusted IP addresses. Attach the
S3 bucket to the SFTP service endpoint. Grant users access to the SFTP service.
Comments
pentium75 Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Not A - Transfer Family canj't use EBS
B - Possible and meets requirement
Not C - S3 doesn't guarantee "high IOPS performance"; also there is no "public endpoint that allows only trusted IP addresses" (you can assign a
Security Group to a public endpoint but that is not mentioned here)
Not D - Endpoint would be in private subnet, not accessible from Internet at all
upvoted 10 times
alexandercamachop Highly Voted 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
First Serverless - EFS
Second it says it is attached to the Linux instances at the same time, only EFS can do that.
upvoted 8 times
bora4motion 1 year ago
dude, if you have linux instances that's no longer serverless =)))
upvoted 1 times
bora4motion Most Recent 1 year ago
Selected Answer: C
I'm going with C. EFS needs to be attached to something, used with a server/instance.
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (85%)
Other
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
D, the description "VPC endpoint that has internal access in a private subnet" is technically incorrect and doesn't make sense for AWS Transfer Family
AWS Transfer Family actually supports:
Public endpoints (internet-facing)
VPC endpoints (private network access)
The VPC endpoint doesn't have "internal access" - it's about how the SFTP service is configured to interact with your VPC network resources.
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 6 months ago
A more accurate description for a VPC-based AWS Transfer Family SFTP service would be:
Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP service with a VPC endpoint
Place the endpoint in a private subnet
Configure security groups to allow only trusted IP sources
Attach the S3 bucket to the SFTP service endpoint
So while the overall strategy in option D (using S3 with VPC endpoint and security group restrictions) could be valid, the specific wording about
"internal access" is incorrect.
This technical inaccuracy in the description would make D an incorrect answer in a certification or technical assessment.
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 6 months ago
C public endpoint that allows only trusted IP addresses does not sound technical correct as only the security group can restrict the IP address. the
correct description should " Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP service in public subnet with security group allows only trusted IP address, create
the vpc endpoint (gateway endpoint here for saving the cost) of S3 bucket to allow the SFTP service can access it privately, grant user access to the
SFTP service via IAM policies and grant the access of S3 to SFTP service via IAM role
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon S3 provides high throughput and performance suitable for many use cases, including those requiring high IOPS (Input/Output Operations
Per Second). S3 is not a block storage solution (like EBS) or a file system (like EFS). While its performance is exceptional for its intended use case
(object storage), it may not match the millisecond latency or consistent high IOPS required for transactional databases or other ultra-low latency
applications.
For applications where sub-millisecond latency or extremely high random IOPS (e.g., 64,000 IOPS) is required, solutions like EBS or EFS would be
better.
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 6 months ago
After read the description of C, I feel the description of "an AWS Transfer Family SFTP service with a public endpoint that allows only trusted IP
addresses" does not sound correct, the endpoint itself cannot restrict the IP address from internet, only the security group. the correct description
should be: Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP service with a public endpoint and security group that allows only trusted IP addresses. create the
vpc endpoint (gateway endpoint here for saving the cost) of S3 bucket to allow the SFTP service can access it privately, grant user access to the
SFTP service via IAM policies and grant the access of S3 to SFTP service via IAM role
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Actually AWS Transfer Family can use S3, so it's a toss-up between Options B & C but I tend to favour Option B for the following reasons (based on
the keys in STEM):
company runs a highly available SFTP service. The SFTP service uses two Amazon EC2 Linux instances that run with elastic IP addresses to accept
traffic from trusted IP sources on the internet. The SFTP service is backed by shared storage that is attached to the instances. User accounts are
created and managed as Linux users in the SFTP servers.
1. Requires a serverless option that provides high IOPS performance and highly configurable security.
2. User also wants to maintain control over user permissions
upvoted 1 times
523db89 1 year, 9 months ago
Option B best meets the company's requirements by leveraging AWS Transfer Family with an EFS volume, ensuring high availability, security, and
performance.
upvoted 2 times
NickGordon 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A is incorrect as EBS is not an option
C is incorrect as when I select public accessible, I don't see an option I can set up trusted IP address
D isi incorrect as it is internal.
B, followed the steps and I can set up a sftp in this way
upvoted 4 times
potomac 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B
EFS has lower latency and higher throughput than S3 when accessed from within the same availability zone.
upvoted 3 times
thanhnv142 2 years, 7 months ago
C: Because it is server-less. deffinitely not A or B because it utilizes server.
upvoted 1 times
warp 2 years, 7 months ago
Amazon Elastic File System - Serverless, fully elastic file storage:
https://aws.amazon.com/efs/
upvoted 5 times
bsbs1234 2 years, 8 months ago
B,
A), transfer family does not support EBS
C,D), S3 has lower IOPS than EFS
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Create an encrypted Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP service with elastic IP addresses and a
VPC endpoint that has internet-facing access. Attach a security group to the endpoint that allows only trusted IP addresses. Attach the EFS volume to
the SFTP service endpoint. Grant users access to the SFTP service.
upvoted 2 times
Axeashes 2 years, 12 months ago
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/storage/use-ip-whitelisting-to-secure-your-aws-transfer-for-sftp-servers/
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
EFS is best to serve this purpose.
upvoted 2 times
envest 3 years ago
Answer C (from abylead.com)
Transfer Family offers fully managed serverless support for B2B file transfers via SFTP, AS2, FTPS, & FTP directly in & out of S3 or EFS. For a controlled
internet access you can use internet-facing endpts with Transfer SFTP servers & restrict trusted internet sources with VPC's default Sgrp. In addition,
S3 Access Points aliases allows you to use S3 bkt names for a unique access control plcy on shared S3 datasets.
Transfer SFTP & S3: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/apn/how-to-use-aws-transfer-family-to-replace-and-scale-sftp-servers/
A)Transfer SFTP doesn’t support EBS, not for share data, & not serverless: infeasible.
B)EFS mounts via ENIs not endpts: infeasible.
D)pub endpt for internet access is missing: infeasible.
upvoted 4 times
omoakin 3 years ago
BBBBBBBBBBBBBB
upvoted 1 times
vesen22 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
EFS all day
upvoted 2 times