A company uses Amazon EC2 instances and AWS Lambda functions to run its application. The company has VPCs with public
subnets and private subnets in its AWS account. The EC2 instances run in a private subnet in one of the VPCs. The Lambda
functions need direct network access to the EC2 instances for the application to work.
The application will run for at least 1 year. The company expects the number of Lambda functions that the application uses to
increase during that time. The company wants to maximize its savings on all application resources and to keep network latency
between the services low.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Purchase an EC2 Instance Savings Plan Optimize the Lambda functions’ duration and memory usage and the number of
invocations. Connect the Lambda functions to the private subnet that contains the EC2 instances.
B. Purchase an EC2 Instance Savings Plan Optimize the Lambda functions' duration and memory usage, the number of
invocations, and the amount of data that is transferred. Connect the Lambda functions to a public subnet in the same VPC
where the EC2 instances run.
C. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan. Optimize the Lambda functions’ duration and memory usage, the number of invocations,
and the amount of data that is transferred. Connect the Lambda functions to the private subnet that contains the EC2
instances. Most Voted
D. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan. Optimize the Lambda functions’ duration and memory usage, the number of invocations,
and the amount of data that is transferred. Keep the Lambda functions in the Lambda service VPC.
Comments
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy Highly Voted 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Answer C is the best solution that meets the company’s requirements.
By purchasing a Compute Savings Plan, the company can save on the costs of running both EC2 instances and Lambda functions. The Lambda
functions can be connected to the private subnet that contains the EC2 instances through a VPC endpoint for AWS services or a VPC peering
connection. This provides direct network access to the EC2 instances while keeping the traffic within the private network, which helps to minimize
network latency.
Optimizing the Lambda functions’ duration, memory usage, number of invocations, and amount of data transferred can help to further minimize
costs and improve performance. Additionally, using a private subnet helps to ensure that the EC2 instances are not directly accessible from the public
internet, which is a security best practice.
upvoted 20 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 3 years, 2 months ago
Answer A is not the best solution because connecting the Lambda functions directly to the private subnet that contains the EC2 instances may not
be scalable as the number of Lambda functions increases. Additionally, using an EC2 Instance Savings Plan may not provide savings on the costs of
running Lambda functions.
Answer B is not the best solution because connecting the Lambda functions to a public subnet may not be as secure as connecting them to a
private subnet. Also, keeping the EC2 instances in a private subnet helps to ensure that they are not directly accessible from the public internet.
Answer D is not the best solution because keeping the Lambda functions in the Lambda service VPC may not provide direct network access to the
EC2 instances, which may impact the performance of the application.
upvoted 9 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Implement Compute Savings Plan because it applies to Lambda usage as well, then connect the Lambda functions to the private subnet that contain
the EC2 instances
upvoted 8 times
MatAlves Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
"Savings Plans are a flexible pricing model that offer low prices on Amazon EC2, AWS Lambda, and AWS Fargate usage, in exchange for a
commitment to a consistent amount of usage (measured in $/hour) for a 1 or 3 year term."
- That already excludes A and B.
The question requires to "keep network latency between the services low", which can be achieved by connecting the Lambda functions to the private
subnet that contains the EC2 instances.
C is the answer.
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A Compute Savings Plan covers both EC2 and Lambda and allows maximizing savings on all resources.
Optimizing Lambda configuration reduces costs.
Connecting the Lambda functions to the private subnet with the EC2 instances provides direct network access between them, keeping latency low.
The Lambda functions are isolated in the private subnet rather than public, improving security.
upvoted 4 times
jaehoon090 2 years, 10 months ago
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
upvoted 2 times
elearningtakai 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Connect Lambda to Private Subnet contains EC2
upvoted 2 times
zooba72 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Compute savings plan covers both EC2 & Lambda
upvoted 6 times
Zox42 3 years, 2 months ago
C. I would go with C, because Compute savings plans cover Lambda as well.
upvoted 5 times
andyto 3 years, 2 months ago
A. I would go with A. Saving and low network latency are required.
EC2 instance savings plans offer savings of up to 72%
Compute savings plans offer savings of up to 66%
Placing Lambda on the same private network with EC2 instances provides the lowest latency.
upvoted 1 times
abitwrong 3 years, 2 months ago
EC2 Instance Savings Plans apply to EC2 usage only. Compute Savings Plans apply to usage across Amazon EC2, AWS Lambda, and AWS Fargate.
(https://aws.amazon.com/savingsplans/faq/)
Lambda functions need direct network access to the EC2 instances for the application to work and these EC2 instances are in the private subnet. So
the correct answer is C.
upvoted 3 times