A company needs to provide its employees with secure access to confidential and sensitive files. The company wants to ensure
that the files can be accessed only by authorized users. The files must be downloaded securely to the employees’ devices.
The files are stored in an on-premises Windows file server. However, due to an increase in remote usage, the file server is running
out of capacity.
.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Migrate the file server to an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet. Configure the security group to limit inbound traffic to
the employees’ IP addresses.
B. Migrate the files to an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system. Integrate the Amazon FSx file system with the on-
premises Active Directory. Configure AWS Client VPN. Most Voted
C. Migrate the files to Amazon S3, and create a private VPC endpoint. Create a signed URL to allow download.
D. Migrate the files to Amazon S3, and create a public VPC endpoint. Allow employees to sign on with AWS IAM Identity
Center (AWS Single Sign-On).
Comments
elearningtakai Highly Voted 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
This solution addresses the need for secure access to confidential and sensitive files, as well as the increase in remote usage. Migrating the files to
Amazon FSx for Windows File Server provides a scalable, fully managed file storage solution in the AWS Cloud that is accessible from on-premises
and cloud environments. Integration with the on-premises Active Directory allows for a consistent user experience and centralized access control.
AWS Client VPN provides a secure and managed VPN solution that can be used by employees to access the files securely.
upvoted 9 times
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Windows file server = Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system
Files can be accessed only by authorized users = On-premises Active Directory
upvoted 5 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
"Data must be downloaded securely to users' devices" => AWS Client VPN
upvoted 2 times
NayeraB Most Recent 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
My money is on B, but it's still not mentioned that the customer used an on-prem Active Directory.
upvoted 3 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
C has "signed URL", everyone who has the URL could download. Plus, only B ensure the "must be downloaded securely" part by using VPN.
upvoted 5 times
BrijMohan08 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (93%)
7%