A gaming company is moving its public scoreboard from a data center to the AWS Cloud. The company uses Amazon EC2
Windows Server instances behind an Application Load Balancer to host its dynamic application. The company needs a highly
available storage solution for the application. The application consists of static files and dynamic server-side code.
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Store the static files on Amazon S3. Use Amazon CloudFront to cache objects at the edge. Most Voted
B. Store the static files on Amazon S3. Use Amazon ElastiCache to cache objects at the edge.
C. Store the server-side code on Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). Mount the EFS volume on each EC2 instance to
share the files.
D. Store the server-side code on Amazon FSx for Windows File Server. Mount the FSx for Windows File Server volume on each
EC2 instance to share the files. Most Voted
E. Store the server-side code on a General Purpose SSD (gp2) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Mount the
EBS volume on each EC2 instance to share the files.
Comments
Steve_4542636 Highly Voted 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
A because Elasticache, despite being ideal for leaderboards per Amazon, doesn't cache at edge locations. D because FSx has higher performance for
low latency needs.
https://www.techtarget.com/searchaws/tip/Amazon-FSx-vs-EFS-Compare-the-AWS-file-services
"FSx is built for high performance and submillisecond latency using solid-state drive storage volumes. This design enables users to select storage
capacity and latency independently. Thus, even a subterabyte file system can have 256 Mbps or higher throughput and support volumes up to 64
TB."
upvoted 7 times
Nel8 3 years, 2 months ago
Just to add, ElastiCache is use in front of AWS database.
upvoted 2 times
baba365 2 years, 8 months ago
Why not EFS?
upvoted 1 times
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
The reasons are:
Storing static files in S3 with CloudFront provides durability, high availability, and low latency by caching at edge locations.
FSx for Windows File Server provides a fully managed Windows native file system that can be accessed from the Windows EC2 instances to share
server-side code. It is designed for high availability and scales up to 10s of GBPS throughput.
EFS and EBS volumes can be attached to a single AZ. FSx and S3 are replicated across AZs for high availability.
upvoted 6 times
Danilus Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
Correct Answer: AD
Community vote distribution
AD (100%)
Key: Static files and dynamic server-side code.
Key: Windows Server.
The answer is A because S3 is for static files, and CloudFront is a CDN.
The second answer is D because FSx works for Windows File Server.
It's not C because EFS is just for Linux.
It's not E because EBS doesn't share files between EC2 instances.
upvoted 3 times
rodrigoleoncio 2 years ago
Selected Answer: AD
A because Elasticache doesn't cache at edge locations. D because FSx has higher performance for low latency needs.
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 4 months ago
The question and options are badly worded. How does (D) storing server side code on a file server makes it executable?
upvoted 2 times
4fad2f8 2 years, 5 months ago
you can't mount efs on windows
upvoted 3 times
WherecanIstart 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
A & D for sure
upvoted 5 times
KZM 3 years, 3 months ago
It is obvious that A and D.
upvoted 2 times
bdp123 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
both A and D seem correct
upvoted 2 times
NolaHOla 3 years, 3 months ago
A and D seems correct
upvoted 2 times