A meteorological startup company has a custom web application to sell weather data to its users online. The company uses
Amazon DynamoDB to store its data and wants to build a new service that sends an alert to the managers of four internal teams
every time a new weather event is recorded. The company does not want this new service to affect the performance of the current
application.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?
A. Use DynamoDB transactions to write new event data to the table. Configure the transactions to notify internal teams.
B. Have the current application publish a message to four Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topics. Have each
team subscribe to one topic.
C. Enable Amazon DynamoDB Streams on the table. Use triggers to write to a single Amazon Simple Notification Service
(Amazon SNS) topic to which the teams can subscribe. Most Voted
D. Add a custom attribute to each record to flag new items. Write a cron job that scans the table every minute for items that
are new and notifies an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue to which the teams can subscribe.
Comments
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The best solution to meet these requirements with the least amount of operational overhead is to enable Amazon DynamoDB Streams on the table
and use triggers to write to a single Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to which the teams can subscribe. This solution requires
minimal configuration and infrastructure setup, and Amazon DynamoDB Streams provide a low-latency way to capture changes to the DynamoDB
table. The triggers automatically capture the changes and publish them to the SNS topic, which notifies the internal teams.
upvoted 15 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 2 months ago
Answer A is not a suitable solution because it requires additional configuration to notify the internal teams, and it could add operational overhead
to the application.
Answer B is not the best solution because it requires changes to the current application, which may affect its performance, and it creates additional
work for the teams to subscribe to multiple topics.
Answer D is not a good solution because it requires a cron job to scan the table every minute, which adds additional operational overhead to the
system.
Therefore, the correct answer is C. Enable Amazon DynamoDB Streams on the table. Use triggers to write to a single Amazon SNS topic to which the
teams can subscribe.
upvoted 6 times
Manimgh Most Recent 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
Sends an alert = SNS
upvoted 1 times
Guru4Cloud 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Enable Amazon DynamoDB Streams on the table. Use triggers to write to a single Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to which
the teams can subscribe
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
james2033 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Question keyword: "sends an alert", a new weather event is recorded". Answer keyword C "Amazon DynamoDB Streams on the table", "Amazon
Simple Notification Service" (Amazon SNS). Choose C. Easy question.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Streams.html
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/dynamodb-streams-use-cases-and-design-patterns/
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
Best answer is C
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 1 year, 7 months ago
DynamoDB Streams captures a time-ordered sequence of item-level modifications in any DynamoDB table and stores this information in a log for
up to 24 hours. This capture activity can also invoke triggers to write the event to a single Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic
to which the teams can subscribe to.
upvoted 7 times
Hemanthgowda1932 2 years, 2 months ago
C is correct
upvoted 2 times
Santosh43 2 years, 2 months ago
definitely C
upvoted 2 times
Bezha 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
DynamoDB Streams
upvoted 4 times
sitha 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Answer : C
upvoted 2 times