An image-hosting company stores its objects in Amazon S3 buckets. The company wants to avoid accidental exposure of the
objects in the S3 buckets to the public. All S3 objects in the entire AWS account need to remain private.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use Amazon GuardDuty to monitor S3 bucket policies. Create an automatic remediation action rule that uses an AWS
Lambda function to remediate any change that makes the objects public.
B. Use AWS Trusted Advisor to find publicly accessible S3 buckets. Configure email notifications in Trusted Advisor when a
change is detected. Manually change the S3 bucket policy if it allows public access.
C. Use AWS Resource Access Manager to find publicly accessible S3 buckets. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon
SNS) to invoke an AWS Lambda function when a change is detected. Deploy a Lambda function that programmatically
remediates the change.
D. Use the S3 Block Public Access feature on the account level. Use AWS Organizations to create a service control policy (SCP)
that prevents IAM users from changing the setting. Apply the SCP to the account. Most Voted
Comments
Ruhi02 Highly Voted 3 years, 3 months ago
Answer is D ladies and gentlemen. While guard duty helps to monitor s3 for potential threats its a reactive action. We should always be proactive and
not reactive in our solutions so D, block public access to avoid any possibility of the info becoming publicly accessible
upvoted 23 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy Highly Voted 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Answer D is the correct solution that meets the requirements. The S3 Block Public Access feature allows you to restrict public access to S3 buckets
and objects within the account. You can enable this feature at the account level to prevent any S3 bucket from being made public, regardless of the
bucket policy settings. AWS Organizations can be used to apply a Service Control Policy (SCP) to the account to prevent IAM users from changing
this setting, ensuring that all S3 objects remain private. This is a straightforward and effective solution that requires minimal operational overhead.
upvoted 11 times
noircesar25 Most Recent 2 years, 3 months ago
its 1 aws account, how could D be the answer?
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
make no difference, 1 AWS account, 10 AWS accounts or > 100 AWS accounts, SCP enforces the same guard rails
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Use the S3 Block Public Access feature on the account level. Use AWS Organizations to create a service control policy (SCP) that prevents IAM users
from changing the setting. Apply the SCP to the account
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Use the S3 Block Public Access feature on the account level. Use AWS Organizations to create a service control policy (SCP) that prevents IAM users
from changing the setting. Apply the SCP to the account
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (96%)
4%
MrAWSAssociate 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is correct!
upvoted 1 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
No, first it would not remove any existing public access (only detect changes), second it would just detect and then remediate, but in the meantime
someone could access the objects. It's clearly D.
upvoted 3 times
Yadav_Sanjay 3 years ago
Selected Answer: D
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/access-control-block-public-access.html
upvoted 4 times
elearningtakai 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
This is the most effective solution to meet the requirements.
upvoted 3 times
Bofi 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Option D provided real solution by using bucket policy to restrict public access. Other options were focus on detection which wasn't what was been
asked
upvoted 3 times