A company has two VPCs named Management and Production. The Management VPC uses VPNs through a customer gateway to
connect to a single device in the data center. The Production VPC uses a virtual private gateway with two attached AWS Direct
Connect connections. The Management and Production VPCs both use a single VPC peering connection to allow communication
between the applications.
What should a solutions architect do to mitigate any single point of failure in this architecture?
A. Add a set of VPNs between the Management and Production VPCs.
B. Add a second virtual private gateway and attach it to the Management VPC.
C. Add a second set of VPNs to the Management VPC from a second customer gateway device. Most Voted
D. Add a second VPC peering connection between the Management VPC and the Production VPC.
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is the correct option to mitigate the single point of failure.
The Management VPC currently has a single VPN connection through one customer gateway device. This is a single point of failure.
Adding a second set of VPN connections from the Management VPC to a second customer gateway device provides redundancy and eliminates this
single point of failure.
upvoted 7 times
Guru4Cloud 1 year, 9 months ago
As @Abrar2022 explains
(production) VPN 1--------------> cgw 1
(management) VPN 2--------------> cgw
upvoted 4 times
Abrar2022 Highly Voted 2 years ago
(production) VPN 1--------------> cgw 1
(management) VPN 2--------------> cgw 2
upvoted 6 times
Abrar2022 2 years ago
ANSWER IS C
upvoted 2 times
Dantecito Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
but what if the VPC peering connection fails? how The Management and Production vpc communicate?
upvoted 1 times
bsbs1234 1 year, 8 months ago
C,
(production) --PrivateGateway-------->Direct Connect Gateway 1 ---> cgw 1 ---> DataCenter
(production) -- PrivateGateway ------> Direct Connect Gateway 2 --->cgw 2 --> DataCenter
(Management) -- > VPN ---- > (Direct Connect Gateway 1?) --- >cgw1 ---> dataCenter---> device in dataCenter
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (95%)
5%
upvoted 2 times
omoakin 2 years ago
I agree to C
upvoted 2 times
cloudenthusiast 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
option D is not a valid solution for mitigating single points of failure in the architecture. I apologize for the confusion caused by the incorrect
information.
To mitigate single points of failure in the architecture, you can consider implementing option C: adding a second set of VPNs to the Management
VPC from a second customer gateway device. This will introduce redundancy at the VPN connection level for the Management VPC, ensuring that if
one customer gateway or VPN connection fails, the other connection can still provide connectivity to the data center.
upvoted 5 times
Efren 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
Redundant VPN connections: Instead of relying on a single device in the data center, the Management VPC should have redundant VPN connections
established through multiple customer gateways. This will ensure high availability and fault tolerance in case one of the VPN connections or
customer gateways fails.
upvoted 5 times
nosense 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/53908-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c02/
upvoted 3 times