A company needs to transfer 600 TB of data from its on-premises network-attached storage (NAS) system to the AWS Cloud. The
data transfer must be complete within 2 weeks. The data is sensitive and must be encrypted in transit. The company’s internet
connection can support an upload speed of 100 Mbps.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Use Amazon S3 multi-part upload functionality to transfer the files over HTTPS.
B. Create a VPN connection between the on-premises NAS system and the nearest AWS Region. Transfer the data over the VPN
connection.
C. Use the AWS Snow Family console to order several AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices. Use the devices to
transfer the data to Amazon S3. Most Voted
D. Set up a 10 Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection between the company location and the nearest AWS Region. Transfer the
data over a VPN connection into the Region to store the data in Amazon S3.
Comments
shanwford Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
With the existing data link the transfer takes ~ 600 days in the best case. Thus, (A) and (B) are not applicable. Solution (D) could meet the target with
a transfer time of 6 days, but the lead time for the direct connect deployment can take weeks! Thus, (C) is the only valid solution.
upvoted 14 times
3916aef Most Recent 3 days, 20 hours ago
Selected Answer: D
The question asked for "Most cost-effectively.
C) would cost around 5000$ - per Device. And it says "to order several" devices.
D) would cost 22,50$ per hour. in 6 Days that would sum around 6000$.
The question did not ask for any time-frame.
upvoted 1 times
Guru4Cloud 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Use the AWS Snow Family console to order several AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices. Use the devices to transfer the data to Amazon
S3.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
C is the best option considering the time and bandwidth limitations
upvoted 2 times
pbpally 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
We need the admin in here to tell us how they plan on this being achieved over connection with such a slow connection lol.
It's C, folks.
upvoted 3 times
KAUS2 2 years, 3 months ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (97%)
3%
Selected Answer: C
Best option is to use multiple AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices. Option "C" is the correct one.
upvoted 2 times
ktulu2602 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
All others are limited by the bandwidth limit
upvoted 1 times
ktulu2602 2 years, 3 months ago
Or provisioning time in the D case
upvoted 2 times
KZM 2 years, 3 months ago
It is C. Snowball (from Snow Family).
upvoted 2 times
cegama543 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C. Use the AWS Snow Family console to order several AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices. Use the devices to transfer the data to Amazon
S3.
The best option is to use the AWS Snow Family console to order several AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices and use the devices to
transfer the data to Amazon S3. Snowball Edge is a petabyte-scale data transfer device that can help transfer large amounts of data securely and
quickly. Using Snowball Edge can be the most cost-effective solution for transferring large amounts of data over long distances and can help meet
the requirement of transferring 600 TB of data within two weeks.
upvoted 4 times