A company runs an application that receives data from thousands of geographically dispersed remote devices that use UDP. The
application processes the data immediately and sends a message back to the device if necessary. No data is stored.
The company needs a solution that minimizes latency for the data transmission from the devices. The solution also must provide
rapid failover to another AWS Region.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure an Amazon Route 53 failover routing policy. Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in each of the two Regions.
Configure the NLB to invoke an AWS Lambda function to process the data.
B. Use AWS Global Accelerator. Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in each of the two Regions as an endpoint. Create an
Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the Fargate launch type. Create an ECS service on the cluster. Set
the ECS service as the target for the NLProcess the data in Amazon ECS. Most Voted
C. Use AWS Global Accelerator. Create an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in each of the two Regions as an endpoint. Create
an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the Fargate launch type. Create an ECS service on the cluster.
Set the ECS service as the target for the ALB. Process the data in Amazon ECS.
D. Configure an Amazon Route 53 failover routing policy. Create an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in each of the two
Regions. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the Fargate launch type. Create an ECS service
on the cluster. Set the ECS service as the target for the ALB. Process the data in Amazon ECS.
Comments
UnluckyDucky Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Key words: geographically dispersed, UDP.
Geographically dispersed (related to UDP) - Global Accelerator - multiple entrances worldwide to the AWS network to provide better transfer rates.
UDP - NLB (Network Load Balancer).
upvoted 15 times
Ruhi02 Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Answer should be B.. there is typo mistake in B. Correct Answer is : Use AWS Global Accelerator. Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in each of the
two Regions as an endpoint. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the Fargate launch type. Create an ECS service on
the cluster. Set the ECS service as the target for the NLB. Process the data in Amazon ECS.
upvoted 5 times
wizcloudifa Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
if its UDP it has to be Global Accelarator + NLB package, plus it has the provision for rapid failover as well, piece of cake.
upvoted 3 times
sandordini 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
UDP: NLB + AWS Global Accelerator
upvoted 4 times
zinabu 1 year, 8 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
UDP/TCP=NLB
rapid failover= AWS global accelerator
upvoted 3 times
ferdzcruz 1 year, 11 months ago
devices that use UDP = NLB
upvoted 3 times
ferdzcruz 1 year, 11 months ago
minimizes latency = AWS Global Accelerator
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
This option meets the requirements:
Global Accelerator provides UDP support and minimizes latency using the AWS global network.
Using NLBs allows the UDP traffic to be load balanced across Availability Zones.
ECS Fargate provides rapid scaling and failover across Regions.
NLB endpoints allow rapid failover if one Region goes down.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
UDP = AWS Global Accelerator and Network Load Balancer
upvoted 2 times
kraken21 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Global accelerator for multi region automatic failover. NLB for UDP.
upvoted 3 times
MaxMa 2 years, 8 months ago
why not A?
upvoted 1 times
kraken21 2 years, 8 months ago
NLBs do not support lambda target type. Tricky!!! https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/load-balancer-target-
groups.html
upvoted 10 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
To meet the requirements of minimizing latency for data transmission from the devices and providing rapid failover to another AWS Region, the best
solution would be to use AWS Global Accelerator in combination with a Network Load Balancer (NLB) and Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon
ECS).
AWS Global Accelerator is a service that improves the availability and performance of applications by using static IP addresses (Anycast) to route
traffic to optimal AWS endpoints. With Global Accelerator, you can direct traffic to multiple Regions and endpoints, and provide automatic failover to
another AWS Region.
upvoted 4 times