A company runs a public three-tier web application in a VPC. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances across multiple
Availability Zones. The EC2 instances that run in private subnets need to communicate with a license server over the internet. The
company needs a managed solution that minimizes operational maintenance.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Provision a NAT instance in a public subnet. Modify each private subnet's route table with a default route that points to the
NAT instance.
B. Provision a NAT instance in a private subnet. Modify each private subnet's route table with a default route that points to the
NAT instance.
C. Provision a NAT gateway in a public subnet. Modify each private subnet's route table with a default route that points to the
NAT gateway. Most Voted
D. Provision a NAT gateway in a private subnet. Modify each private subnet's route table with a default route that points to the
NAT gateway.
Comments
UnluckyDucky Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
"The company needs a managed solution that minimizes operational maintenance"
Watch out for NAT instances vs NAT Gateways.
As the company needs a managed solution that minimizes operational maintenance - NAT Gateway is a public subnet is the answer.
upvoted 10 times
lucdt4 Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
C
Nat gateway can't deploy in a private subnet.
upvoted 6 times
von_himmlen Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/appstream2/latest/developerguide/managing-network-internet-NAT-gateway.html
...and a NAT gateway in a public subnet.
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
This meets the requirements for a managed, low maintenance solution for private subnets to access the internet:
NAT gateway provides automatic scaling, high availability, and fully managed service without admin overhead.
Placing the NAT gateway in a public subnet with proper routes allows private instances to use it for internet access.
Minimal operational maintenance compared to NAT instances.
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
No good:
NAT instances (A, B) require more hands-on management.
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
Placing a NAT gateway in a private subnet (D) would not allow internet access.
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
minimizes operational maintenance = NGW
upvoted 3 times
WherecanIstart 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C..provision NGW in Public Subnet
upvoted 3 times
cegama543 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
ccccc is the best
upvoted 2 times