A company runs a fleet of web servers using an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. After a routine compliance check, the
company sets a standard that requires a recovery point objective (RPO) of less than 1 second for all its production databases.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Enable a Multi-AZ deployment for the DB instance. Most Voted
B. Enable auto scaling for the DB instance in one Availability Zone.
C. Configure the DB instance in one Availability Zone, and create multiple read replicas in a separate Availability Zone.
D. Configure the DB instance in one Availability Zone, and configure AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) change data
capture (CDC) tasks.
Comments
KZM Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
A:
By using Multi-AZ deployment, the company can achieve an RPO of less than 1 second because the standby instance is always in sync with the
primary instance, ensuring that data changes are continuously replicated.
upvoted 24 times
A1975 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Read Replicas:
Read Replicas are asynchronous and support read scalability.
It is uese to improve performance.
Read Replicas can be in the same region or in a different region for disaster recovery purposes, but this involves manual intervention,
which means Read Replicas do not provide automatic failover and requires DNS updates and application changes
Multi-AZ:
Multi-AZ maintains a synchronous standby replica of the primary instance in a different Availability Zone within the same region.
Multi-AZ deployments provide high availability and automatic failover.
Option A is better choice with respect to below statement,
"the company sets a standard that requires a recovery point objective (RPO) of less than 1 second for all its production databases."
upvoted 15 times
Rcosmos Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Solução Detalhada:
Configure o grupo de segurança do EC2 com uma regra de entrada para permitir conexões apenas do grupo de segurança do ALB.
A AWS permite essa associação dinâmica, o que garante que apenas o tráfego legítimo roteado pelo ALB possa chegar às instâncias.
Essa é uma prática recomendada e atende ao objetivo de restringir o acesso às instâncias do EC2.
upvoted 1 times
manoj6992 1 year, 8 months ago
Correct answer is A
upvoted 2 times
Uzbekistan 1 year, 8 months ago
Same question old from SAA-C02
08.2021
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/61072-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c02/
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (88%)
6%
upvoted 2 times
Uzbekistan 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C. Configure the DB instance in one Availability Zone, and create multiple read replicas in a separate Availability Zone.
Here's why:
Read Replicas: By configuring read replicas in a separate Availability Zone, you can leverage asynchronous replication to replicate data from the
primary DB instance to the read replicas with minimal latency. This setup allows for near real-time data replication and can help achieve a low RPO.
In contrast, Multi-AZ deployments (Option A) provide high availability by maintaining a standby replica but may not guarantee an RPO of less than 1
second due to synchronous replication and failover considerations. Options B and D are not directly related to achieving a low RPO for the
databases.
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
I'm unsure with A, because the term RPO is not only applied to datacenter outages. Say, an application error corrupts the database, or an
administrator accidentally overwrites all records. With answer A, Multi-AZ, these changes would be instantly copied to the replica.
Only reason why A might still be correct is that the other answers don't make much more sense.
B has nothing to do with RPO at all
C could lose more than 1 second since read replicas are asynchronous
D could be part of a solution but the CDC ask alone won't help
upvoted 7 times
narddrer 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
option A doesn't provide Data integrity only achieved in Option D using CDC.
upvoted 1 times
FFO 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Used for DR. Every single change is replicated in a standby AZ. If we lose the main AZ, (uses the same DNS name) standby becomes automatic
failover and the new main DB.
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 8 months ago
Answer is A
High availability = Multi AZ
upvoted 2 times
Steve_4542636 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
My vote is A
upvoted 2 times
ManOnTheMoon 2 years, 9 months ago
Agree with A
upvoted 2 times
LuckyAro 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Multi-AZ is a synchronous communication with the Master in "real time" and fail over will be almost instant.
upvoted 4 times
GwonLEE 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
correct is A
upvoted 2 times
Namrash 2 years, 9 months ago
A should be correct
upvoted 3 times
Joan111edu 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
should be A
upvoted 3 times
rrharris 2 years, 9 months ago
Correct Answer is A
upvoted 8 times