A company is deploying a two-tier web application in a VPC. The web tier is using an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group with public
subnets that span multiple Availability Zones. The database tier consists of an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance in separate
private subnets. The web tier requires access to the database to retrieve product information.
The web application is not working as intended. The web application reports that it cannot connect to the database. The database
is confirmed to be up and running. All configurations for the network ACLs, security groups, and route tables are still in their
default states.
What should a solutions architect recommend to fix the application?
A. Add an explicit rule to the private subnet’s network ACL to allow traffic from the web tier’s EC2 instances.
B. Add a route in the VPC route table to allow traffic between the web tier’s EC2 instances and the database tier.
C. Deploy the web tier's EC2 instances and the database tier’s RDS instance into two separate VPCs, and configure VPC
peering.
D. Add an inbound rule to the security group of the database tier’s RDS instance to allow traffic from the web tiers security
group. Most Voted
Comments
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Security group defaults block all inbound traffic..Add an inbound rule to the security group of the database tier’s RDS instance to allow traffic from
the web tiers security group
upvoted 15 times
ExamGuru727 Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
For those questioning why the answer is not A:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-network-acls.html
Default NACLs allow all traffic, and in this question NACLs, SGs and route tables are in their default states.
upvoted 6 times
hgjdsh Most Recent 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
I think the answer should be A. Sine the services are in different subnets, the NACL would by default block all the incoming traffic to the subnet.
Security group rule wouldn't be able to override NACL rule.
upvoted 1 times
njufi 1 year, 8 months ago
I selected option D as well, but I have a question regarding option A. Considering that the EC2 instances and the RDS are located in different subnets
shouldn't the network ACLs for each subnet allow traffic from one another as well? Given that the default settings for network ACLs typically block all
traffic, wouldn't it be necessary to explicitly permit communication between the subnets?
upvoted 2 times
smartegnine 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (97%)
3%
Security Groups are tied on instance where as network ACL are tied to Subnet.
upvoted 5 times
elearningtakai 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
By default, all inbound traffic to an RDS instance is blocked. Therefore, an inbound rule needs to be added to the security group of the RDS instance
to allow traffic from the security group of the web tier's EC2 instances.
upvoted 4 times
Russs99 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D is the correct answer
upvoted 2 times
aragon_saa 2 years, 9 months ago
D
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/81445-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c02/
upvoted 2 times
KAUS2 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D is correct option
upvoted 2 times