A solutions architect is designing the architecture for a software demonstration environment. The environment will run on Amazon
EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The system will experience significant increases
in traffic during working hours but is not required to operate on weekends.
Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to ensure that the system can scale to meet demand? (Choose
two.)
A. Use AWS Auto Scaling to adjust the ALB capacity based on request rate.
B. Use AWS Auto Scaling to scale the capacity of the VPC internet gateway.
C. Launch the EC2 instances in multiple AWS Regions to distribute the load across Regions.
D. Use a target tracking scaling policy to scale the Auto Scaling group based on instance CPU utilization. Most Voted
E. Use scheduled scaling to change the Auto Scaling group minimum, maximum, and desired capacity to zero for weekends.
Revert to the default values at the start of the week. Most Voted
Comments
pentium75 Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: DE
Not A - "AWS Auto Scaling" cannot adjust "ALB capacity" (https://aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/faqs/)
Not B - VPC internet gateway has nothing to do with this
Not C - Regions have nothing to do with scaling
"The system will experience significant increases in traffic during working hours" -> addressed by D
"But is not required to operate on weekends" -> addressed by E
upvoted 16 times
foha2012 2 years, 4 months ago
Good explanation!
upvoted 2 times
cd93 Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
What does "ALB capacity" even means anyway? It should be "Target Group capacity" no?
Answer should be DE, as D is a more comprehensive answer (and more practical in real life)
upvoted 13 times
bora4motion Most Recent 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: DE
who on this earth voted a?
upvoted 1 times
BigHammer 2 years, 9 months ago
AD
E - the question doesn't ask about cost. Also, shutting it down during the weekend does nothing to improve scaling during the week. It doesn't
address the requirements.
upvoted 2 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Key in STEM:
Nobody will use the system during weekend
Correct Answer: DE
Community vote distribution
DE (69%)
AD (15%)
Other
upvoted 1 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: DE
The solutions architect should take actions D and E:
D) Use a target tracking scaling policy to scale the Auto Scaling group based on instance CPU utilization. This will allow the Auto Scaling group to
dynamically scale in and out based on demand.
E) Use scheduled scaling to change the Auto Scaling group capacity to zero on weekends when traffic is expected to be low. This will minimize costs
by terminating unused instances.
upvoted 7 times
fuzzycr 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AE
Basado en los requerimientos la opción que se requiere para optimizar los costos de 0 operaciones en los fines de semana
upvoted 2 times
jaydesai8 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: DE
DE - This seems more close for the auto scaling -
A - Its says auto scaling on ALB, but it should always be on EC2 instances and not ELB
upvoted 7 times
XaviL 2 years, 11 months ago
Hi guys, very simple
* A. because the question are asking abount request rate!!!! This is a requirement!
* E. The weekend is not necessary to execute anything!
A&D. Is not possible, way you can put an ALB capacity based in cpu and in request rate???? You need to select one or another option (and this is for
all questions here guys!)
upvoted 3 times
[Removed] 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AE
ALBRequestCountPerTarget—Average Application Load Balancer request count per target.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/as-scaling-target-tracking.html#target-tracking-choose-metrics
It is possible to set to zero. "is not required to operate on weekends" means the instances are not required during the weekends.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/asg-capacity-limits.html
upvoted 3 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
A says to scale "ALB capacity", not number of EC2 instances. But "AWS Auto Scaling" cannot scale ALB capacity.
upvoted 1 times
Uzi_m 3 years ago
Option E is incorrect because the question specifically mentions an increase in traffic during working hours. Therefore, it is not advisable to schedule
the instances for 24 hours using default settings throughout the entire week.
E. Use scheduled scaling to change the Auto Scaling group minimum, maximum, and desired capacity to zero for weekends. Revert to the default
values at the start of the week.
upvoted 1 times
omoakin 3 years ago
AD are the correct answs
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 3 years ago
Selected Answer: ADE
Either one or two or all of these combinations will meet the need:
Use AWS Auto Scaling to adjust the ALB capacity based on request rate.
Use a target tracking scaling policy to scale the Auto Scaling group based on instance CPU utilization.
Use scheduled scaling to change the Auto Scaling group minimum, maximum, and desired capacity to zero for weekends. Revert to the default
values at the start of the week.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 7 months ago
Scheduled scaling was specifically designed to handle these kind of requirements.
I therefore take out target scaling.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/ec2-auto-scaling-scheduled-scaling.html#:~:text=RSS-,Scheduled%20scaling,-
helps%20you%20to
upvoted 2 times
Joe94KR 3 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: DE
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/as-scaling-target-tracking.html#target-tracking-choose-metrics
Based on docs, ASG can't track ALB's request rate, so the answer is D&E
meanwhile ASG can track CPU rates.
upvoted 5 times
[Removed] 3 years ago
The link shows:
ALBRequestCountPerTarget—Average Application Load Balancer request count per target.
upvoted 2 times
kraken21 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: DE
Scaling should be at the ASG not ALB. So, not sure about "Use AWS Auto Scaling to adjust the ALB capacity based on request rate"
upvoted 6 times
channn 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
A. Use AWS Auto Scaling to adjust the ALB capacity based on request rate: This will allow the system to scale up or down based on incoming traffic
demand. The solutions architect should use AWS Auto Scaling to monitor the request rate and adjust the ALB capacity as needed.
D. Use a target tracking scaling policy to scale the Auto Scaling group based on instance CPU utilization: This will allow the system to scale up or
down based on the CPU utilization of the EC2 instances in the Auto Scaling group. The solutions architect should use a target tracking scaling policy
to maintain a specific CPU utilization target and adjust the number of EC2 instances in the Auto Scaling group accordingly.
upvoted 9 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Auto scaling for ALB capacity?
upvoted 3 times
neosis91 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: AD
A. Use a target tracking scaling policy to scale the Auto Scaling group based on instance CPU utilization. This approach allows the Auto Scaling group
to automatically adjust the number of instances based on the specified metric, ensuring that the system can scale to meet demand during working
hours.
D. Use scheduled scaling to change the Auto Scaling group minimum, maximum, and desired capacity to zero for weekends. Revert to the default
values at the start of the week. This approach allows the Auto Scaling group to reduce the number of instances to zero during weekends when traffic
is expected to be low. It will help the organization to save costs by not paying for instances that are not needed during weekends.
Therefore, options A and D are the correct answers. Options B and C are not relevant to the scenario, and option E is not a scalable solution as it
would require manual intervention to adjust the group capacity every week.
upvoted 1 times
zooba72 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: DE
This is why I don't believe A is correct use auto scaling to adjust the ALB .... D&E
upvoted 4 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Autoscaling can't scale the ALB
upvoted 2 times