A solutions architect wants all new users to have specific complexity requirements and mandatory rotation periods for IAM user
passwords.
What should the solutions architect do to accomplish this?
A. Set an overall password policy for the entire AWS account. Most Voted
B. Set a password policy for each IAM user in the AWS account.
C. Use third-party vendor software to set password requirements.
D. Attach an Amazon CloudWatch rule to the Create_newuser event to set the password with the appropriate requirements.
Comments
lostmagnet001 Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
i get confused, the question saids "NEW" users... if you apply this password policy it would affect all the users in the AWS account....
upvoted 10 times
angel_marquina Highly Voted 2 years, 8 months ago
The question is for new users, answer A is not exact for that case.
upvoted 9 times
Rcosmos Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: U
Por que as outras opções não são adequadas?
B. Definir uma política de senha para cada usuário do IAM:
O IAM não permite políticas de senha configuradas individualmente para usuários. As políticas de senha são aplicadas a nível da conta.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A: Overall password policy for the entire AWS account - affects new users immediately, but not old users immediately. Next time the old users
change their passwords, the new rule will apply then.
B: Logically wrong. If you already have a user, then that user must've already have a password. So when you individually set a password policy for
these users, they are only affected next time they change their passwords, just like I mentioned above about option A. Plus, this is really tiresome
because this is user-wise, and there might be too many users, and the work you must do manually is increasing horribly.
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
You can set a custom password policy on your AWS account to specify complexity requirements and mandatory rotation periods for your IAM users'
passwords. When you create or change a password policy, most of the password policy settings are enforced the next time your users change their
passwords. However, some of the settings are enforced immediately.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_passwords_account-
policy.html#:~:text=Setting%20an%20account-,password%20policy,-for%20IAM%20users
upvoted 4 times
klayytech 3 years, 2 months ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (96%)
4%
Selected Answer: A
To accomplish this, the solutions architect should set an overall password policy for the entire AWS account. This policy will apply to all IAM users in
the account, including new users.
upvoted 4 times
WherecanIstart 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Set overall password policy ...
upvoted 3 times
kampatra 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is correct
upvoted 2 times