A company wants to restrict access to the content of one of its main web applications and to protect the content by using
authorization techniques available on AWS. The company wants to implement a serverless architecture and an authentication
solution for fewer than 100 users. The solution needs to integrate with the main web application and serve web content globally.
The solution must also scale as the company's user base grows while providing the lowest login latency possible.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Use Amazon Cognito for authentication. Use Lambda@Edge for authorization. Use Amazon CloudFront to serve the web
application globally. Most Voted
B. Use AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory for authentication. Use AWS Lambda for authorization. Use an
Application Load Balancer to serve the web application globally.
C. Use Amazon Cognito for authentication. Use AWS Lambda for authorization. Use Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration to serve
the web application globally.
D. Use AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory for authentication. Use Lambda@Edge for authorization. Use AWS
Elastic Beanstalk to serve the web application globally.
Comments
Lonojack Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
CloudFront=globally
Lambda@edge = Authorization/ Latency
Cognito=Authentication for Web apps
upvoted 17 times
Lin878 Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/external-server-authorization-with-lambdaedge/
upvoted 2 times
Cyberkayu 1 year, 12 months ago
fewer than 100 users but scattered around the globe, lowest latency.
Should have do nothing, most cost effective.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
Use Amazon Cognito for authentication. Use Lambda@Edge for authorization. Use Amazon CloudFront to serve the web application globally
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Amazon Cognito is a serverless authentication service that can be used to easily add user sign-up and authentication to web and mobile apps. It is a
good choice for this scenario because it is scalable and can handle a small number of users without any additional costs.
Lambda@Edge is a serverless compute service that can be used to run code at the edge of the AWS network. It is a good choice for this scenario
because it can be used to perform authorization checks at the edge, which can improve the login latency.
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) that can be used to serve web content globally. It is a good choice for this scenario because
it can cache web content closer to users, which can improve the performance of the web application.
upvoted 4 times
antropaws 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is perfect.
upvoted 2 times
kraken21 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Lambda@Edge for authorization
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/adding-http-security-headers-using-lambdaedge-and-amazon-cloudfront/
upvoted 3 times
LuckyAro 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Amazon CloudFront is a global content delivery network (CDN) service that can securely deliver web content, videos, and APIs at scale. It integrates
with Cognito for authentication and with Lambda@Edge for authorization, making it an ideal choice for serving web content globally.
Lambda@Edge is a service that lets you run AWS Lambda functions globally closer to users, providing lower latency and faster response times. It can
also handle authorization logic at the edge to secure content in CloudFront. For this scenario, Lambda@Edge can provide authorization for the web
application while leveraging the low-latency benefit of running at the edge.
upvoted 3 times
bdp123 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
CloudFront to serve globally
upvoted 2 times
SMAZ 2 years, 9 months ago
A
Amazon Cognito for authentication and Lambda@Edge for authorizatioN, Amazon CloudFront to serve the web application globally provides low-
latency content delivery
upvoted 4 times