A company is migrating its on-premises workload to the AWS Cloud. The company already uses several Amazon EC2 instances and
Amazon RDS DB instances. The company wants a solution that automatically starts and stops the EC2 instances and DB instances
outside of business hours. The solution must minimize cost and infrastructure maintenance.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Scale the EC2 instances by using elastic resize. Scale the DB instances to zero outside of business hours.
B. Explore AWS Marketplace for partner solutions that will automatically start and stop the EC2 instances and DB instances on a
schedule.
C. Launch another EC2 instance. Configure a crontab schedule to run shell scripts that will start and stop the existing EC2
instances and DB instances on a schedule.
D. Create an AWS Lambda function that will start and stop the EC2 instances and DB instances. Configure Amazon EventBridge
to invoke the Lambda function on a schedule. Most Voted
Comments
ktulu2602 Highly Voted 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
The most efficient solution for automatically starting and stopping EC2 instances and DB instances on a schedule while minimizing cost and
infrastructure maintenance is to create an AWS Lambda function and configure Amazon EventBridge to invoke the function on a schedule.
Option A, scaling EC2 instances by using elastic resize and scaling DB instances to zero outside of business hours, is not feasible as DB instances
cannot be scaled to zero.
Option B, exploring AWS Marketplace for partner solutions, may be an option, but it may not be the most efficient solution and could potentially add
additional costs.
Option C, launching another EC2 instance and configuring a crontab schedule to run shell scripts that will start and stop the existing EC2 instances
and DB instances on a schedule, adds unnecessary infrastructure and maintenance.
upvoted 17 times
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
This option leverages AWS Lambda and EventBridge to automatically schedule the starting and stopping of resources.
Lambda provides the script/code to stop/start instances without managing servers.
EventBridge triggers the Lambda on a schedule without cronjobs.
No additional code or third party tools needed.
Serverless, maintenance-free solution
upvoted 6 times
1e22522 Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: D
its d but nowadays u use system manager me thinks
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Create an AWS Lambda function that will start and stop the EC2 instances and DB instances. Configure Amazon EventBridge to invoke the Lambda
function on a schedule.
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
upvoted 4 times
WherecanIstart 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Minimize cost and maintenance...
upvoted 3 times