A solutions architect needs to allow team members to access Amazon S3 buckets in two different AWS accounts: a development
account and a production account. The team currently has access to S3 buckets in the development account by using unique IAM
users that are assigned to an IAM group that has appropriate permissions in the account.
The solutions architect has created an IAM role in the production account. The role has a policy that grants access to an S3 bucket
in the production account.
Which solution will meet these requirements while complying with the principle of least privilege?
A. Attach the Administrator Access policy to the development account users.
B. Add the development account as a principal in the trust policy of the role in the production account. Most Voted
C. Turn off the S3 Block Public Access feature on the S3 bucket in the production account.
D. Create a user in the production account with unique credentials for each team member.
Comments
kels1 Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
well, if you made it this far, it means you are persistent :) Good luck with your exam!
upvoted 83 times
SkyZeroZx 2 years, 1 month ago
Thanks good luck for all
upvoted 10 times
Kimnesh 1 year, 9 months ago
thank you!
upvoted 6 times
gpt_test Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
By adding the development account as a principal in the trust policy of the IAM role in the production account, you are allowing users from the
development account to assume the role in the production account. This allows the team members to access the S3 bucket in the production
account without granting them unnecessary privileges.
upvoted 10 times
digital_eye Most Recent 1 year, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Good luck everyone
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Add the development account as a principal in the trust policy of the role in the production account
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The best solution is B) Add the development account as a principal in the trust policy of the role in the production account.
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
This allows cross-account access to the S3 bucket in the production account by assuming the IAM role. The development account users can assume
the role to gain temporary access to the production bucket.
upvoted 5 times
nilandd44gg 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-use-trust-policies-with-iam-roles/
An AWS account accesses another AWS account – This use case is commonly referred to as a cross-account role pattern. It allows human or machine
IAM principals from one AWS account to assume this role and act on resources within a second AWS account. A role is assumed to enable this
behavior when the resource in the target account doesn’t have a resource-based policy that could be used to grant cross-account access.
upvoted 3 times
elearningtakai 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
About Trust policy – The trust policy defines which principals can assume the role, and under which conditions. A trust policy is a specific type of
resource-based policy for IAM roles.
Answer A: overhead permission Admin to development.
Answer C: Block public access is a security best practice and seems not relevant to this scenario.
Answer D: difficult to manage and scale
upvoted 3 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer A, attaching the Administrator Access policy to development account users, provides too many permissions and violates the principle of least
privilege. This would give users more access than they need, which could lead to security issues if their credentials are compromised.
Answer C, turning off the S3 Block Public Access feature, is not a recommended solution as it is a security best practice to enable S3 Block Public
Access to prevent accidental public access to S3 buckets.
Answer D, creating a user in the production account with unique credentials for each team member, is also not a recommended solution as it can be
difficult to manage and scale for large teams. It is also less secure, as individual user credentials can be more easily compromised.
upvoted 3 times
klayytech 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The solution that will meet these requirements while complying with the principle of least privilege is to add the development account as a principal
in the trust policy of the role in the production account. This will allow team members to access Amazon S3 buckets in two different AWS accounts
while complying with the principle of least privilege.
Option A is not recommended because it grants too much access to development account users. Option C is not relevant to this scenario. Option D
is not recommended because it does not comply with the principle of least privilege.
upvoted 2 times
Akademik6 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is the correct answer
upvoted 3 times