A company recently deployed a new auditing system to centralize information about operating system versions, patching, and
installed software for Amazon EC2 instances. A solutions architect must ensure all instances provisioned through EC2 Auto Scaling
groups successfully send reports to the auditing system as soon as they are launched and terminated.
Which solution achieves these goals MOST efficiently?
A. Use a scheduled AWS Lambda function and run a script remotely on all EC2 instances to send data to the audit system.
B. Use EC2 Auto Scaling lifecycle hooks to run a custom script to send data to the audit system when instances are launched
and terminated. Most Voted
C. Use an EC2 Auto Scaling launch configuration to run a custom script through user data to send data to the audit system
when instances are launched and terminated.
D. Run a custom script on the instance operating system to send data to the audit system. Configure the script to be invoked
by the EC2 Auto Scaling group when the instance starts and is terminated.
Comments
ktulu2602 Highly Voted 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The most efficient solution for this scenario is to use EC2 Auto Scaling lifecycle hooks to run a custom script to send data to the audit system when
instances are launched and terminated. The lifecycle hook can be used to delay instance termination until the script has completed, ensuring that all
data is sent to the audit system before the instance is terminated. This solution is more efficient than using a scheduled AWS Lambda function, which
would require running the function periodically and may not capture all instances launched and terminated within the interval. Running a custom
script through user data is also not an optimal solution, as it may not guarantee that all instances send data to the audit system. Therefore, option B
is the correct answer.
upvoted 12 times
COTIT Highly Voted 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling offers the ability to add lifecycle hooks to your Auto Scaling groups. These hooks let you create solutions that are aware of
events in the Auto Scaling instance lifecycle, and then perform a custom action on instances when the corresponding lifecycle event occurs.
(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/lifecycle-hooks.html)
upvoted 6 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
C: a **launch** configuration CANNOT handle instance termination automatically.
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Use EC2 Auto Scaling lifecycle hooks to run a custom script to send data to the audit system when instances are launched and terminated
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
EC2 Auto Scaling lifecycle hooks allow you to perform custom actions as instances launch and terminate. This is the most efficient way to trigger the
auditing script execution at instance launch and termination.
upvoted 5 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
WherecanIstart 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/lifecycle-hooks.html
upvoted 4 times
fkie4 3 years, 3 months ago
it is B. read this:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/lifecycle-hooks.html
upvoted 3 times