A solutions architect must migrate a Windows Internet Information Services (IIS) web application to AWS. The application currently
relies on a file share hosted in the user's on-premises network-attached storage (NAS). The solutions architect has proposed
migrating the IIS web servers to Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones that are connected to the storage solution,
and configuring an Elastic Load Balancer attached to the instances.
Which replacement to the on-premises file share is MOST resilient and durable?
A. Migrate the file share to Amazon RDS.
B. Migrate the file share to AWS Storage Gateway.
C. Migrate the file share to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server. Most Voted
D. Migrate the file share to Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS).
Comments
channn Highly Voted 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A) RDS is a database service
B) Storage Gateway is a hybrid cloud storage service that connects on-premises applications to AWS storage services.
D) provides shared file storage for Linux-based workloads, but it does not natively support Windows-based workloads.
upvoted 9 times
UnluckyDucky Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
FSx for Windows - Windows.
EFS - Linux.
upvoted 7 times
mwwt2022 1 year, 11 months ago
good summary
upvoted 3 times
Manimgh Most Recent 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
IIS = FSx
upvoted 1 times
com7 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
Windows Server to FSx For Windows
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Windows client = Amazon FSx for Windows File Serve
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Windows client = Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (95%)
5%
upvoted 4 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The most resilient and durable replacement for the on-premises file share in this scenario would be Amazon FSx for Windows File Server.
Amazon FSx is a fully managed Windows file system service that is built on Windows Server and provides native support for the SMB protocol. It is
designed to be highly available and durable, with built-in backup and restore capabilities. It is also fully integrated with AWS security services,
providing encryption at rest and in transit, and it can be configured to meet compliance standards.
upvoted 7 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 8 months ago
Migrating the file share to Amazon RDS or AWS Storage Gateway is not appropriate as these services are designed for database workloads and
block storage respectively, and do not provide native support for the SMB protocol.
Migrating the file share to Amazon EFS (Linux ONLY) could be an option, but Amazon FSx for Windows File Server would be more appropriate in
this case because it is specifically designed for Windows file shares and provides better performance for Windows applications.
upvoted 6 times
Grace83 2 years, 8 months ago
Obviously C is the correct answer - FSx for Windows - Windows
upvoted 5 times
elearningtakai 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Amazon EFS is a scalable and fully-managed file storage service that is designed to provide high availability and durability. It can be accessed by
multiple EC2 instances across multiple Availability Zones simultaneously. Additionally, it offers automatic and instantaneous data replication across
different availability zones within a region, which makes it resilient to failures.
upvoted 2 times
asoli 2 years, 8 months ago
EFS is a wrong choice because it can only work with Linux instances. That application has a Windows web server , so its OS is Windows and EFS
cannot connect to it
upvoted 5 times
sitha 2 years, 9 months ago
Amazon FSx makes it easy and cost effective to launch, run, and scale feature-rich, high-performance file systems in the cloud.
Answer : C
upvoted 2 times
KAUS2 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
FSx for Windows is a fully managed Windows file system share drive . Hence C is the correct answer.
upvoted 3 times
Ruhi02 2 years, 9 months ago
FSx for Windows is ideal in this case. So answer is C.
upvoted 2 times