A company’s facility has badge readers at every entrance throughout the building. When badges are scanned, the readers send a
message over HTTPS to indicate who attempted to access that particular entrance.
A solutions architect must design a system to process these messages from the sensors. The solution must be highly available, and
the results must be made available for the company’s security team to analyze.
Which system architecture should the solutions architect recommend?
A. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance to serve as the HTTPS endpoint and to process the messages. Configure the EC2 instance
to save the results to an Amazon S3 bucket.
B. Create an HTTPS endpoint in Amazon API Gateway. Configure the API Gateway endpoint to invoke an AWS Lambda function
to process the messages and save the results to an Amazon DynamoDB table. Most Voted
C. Use Amazon Route 53 to direct incoming sensor messages to an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to
process the messages and save the results to an Amazon DynamoDB table.
D. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Configure a Site-to-Site VPN connection from the facility network to the
VPC so that sensor data can be written directly to an S3 bucket by way of the VPC endpoint.
Comments
kruasan Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
- Option A would not provide high availability. A single EC2 instance is a single point of failure.
- Option B provides a scalable, highly available solution using serverless services. API Gateway and Lambda can scale automatically, and DynamoDB
provides a durable data store.
- Option C would expose the Lambda function directly to the public Internet, which is not a recommended architecture. API Gateway provides an
abstraction layer and additional features like access control.
- Option D requires configuring a VPN to AWS which adds complexity. It also saves the raw sensor data to S3, rather than processing it and storing
the results.
upvoted 22 times
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Highly available = Serverless
The readers send a message over HTTPS = HTTPS endpoint in Amazon API Gateway
Process these messages from the sensors = AWS Lambda function
upvoted 8 times
Guru4Cloud Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The correct answer is B. Create an HTTPS endpoint in Amazon API Gateway. Configure the API Gateway endpoint to invoke an AWS Lambda function
to process the messages and save the results to an Amazon DynamoDB table.
Here are the reasons why:
API Gateway is a highly scalable and available service that can be used to create and expose RESTful APIs.
Lambda is a serverless compute service that can be used to process events and data.
DynamoDB is a NoSQL database that can be used to store data in a scalable and highly available way.
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
Steve_4542636 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I vote B
upvoted 2 times
KZM 2 years, 3 months ago
It is option "B"
Option "B" can provide a system with highly scalable, fault-tolerant, and easy to manage.
upvoted 2 times
LuckyAro 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Deploy Amazon API Gateway as an HTTPS endpoint and AWS Lambda to process and save the messages to an Amazon DynamoDB table. This option
provides a highly available and scalable solution that can easily handle large amounts of data. It also integrates with other AWS services, making it
easier to analyze and visualize the data for the security team.
upvoted 4 times
zTopic 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is Correct
upvoted 4 times