A company wants to use an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB cluster to simplify time-consuming database administrative tasks for
production database workloads. The company wants to ensure that its database is highly available and will provide automatic
failover support in most scenarios in less than 40 seconds. The company wants to offload reads off of the primary instance and
keep costs as low as possible.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance deployment. Create one read replica and point the read workload to the read
replica.
B. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB duster deployment Create two read replicas and point the read workload to the read
replicas.
C. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance deployment. Point the read workload to the secondary instances in the Multi-AZ
pair.
D. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment Point the read workload to the reader endpoint. Most Voted
Comments
ogerber Highly Voted 3 years ago
Selected Answer: D
A - multi-az instance : failover takes between 60-120 sec
D - multi-az cluster: failover around 35 sec
upvoted 20 times
kelmryan1 2 years, 1 month ago
They want to keep cost low as possible, A is the right answer
upvoted 2 times
MatAlves 1 year, 9 months ago
No, the question clearly says "failover support in most scenarios in less than 40 seconds."
D is the only possible answer.
upvoted 4 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy Highly Voted 2 years, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: D
The correct answer is:
D. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment. Point the read workload to the reader endpoint.
Explanation:
The company wants high availability, automatic failover support in less than 40 seconds, read offloading from the primary instance, and cost-
effectiveness.
Answer D is the best choice for several reasons:
1. Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployments provide high availability and automatic failover support.
2. In a Multi-AZ DB cluster, Amazon RDS automatically provisions and maintains a standby in a different Availability Zone. If a failure occurs, Amazon
RDS performs an automatic failover to the standby, minimizing downtime.
3. The "Reader endpoint" for an Amazon RDS DB cluster provides load-balancing support for read-only connections to the DB cluster. Directing read
traffic to the reader endpoint helps in offloading read operations from the primary instance.
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (86%)
13%
upvoted 14 times
Kiki_Pass 2 years, 10 months ago
Sorry I'm a bit confused... I thought only Aurora DB Cluster has reader endpoint. Do you by any chance has the link to the doc for RDS Reader
Endpoint?
upvoted 4 times
lemur88 2 years, 9 months ago
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/multi-az-db-clusters-concepts-connection-management.html#multi-az-db-clusters-
concepts-connection-management-endpoints-reader
upvoted 6 times
zikou Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
to offload read we use read replicas also there is no such thing as reader endpoint in rds, it is only on aurora
upvoted 2 times
rondelldell 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/features/multi-az/
Amazon RDS Multi-AZ with two readable standbys
upvoted 1 times
hro 2 years, 2 months ago
I think the cluster is over-kill - but the company 'wants to use an Amazon RDS ... DB cluster'.
upvoted 3 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A would be cheapest but "failover times are typically 60–120 seconds" which does not meet our requirements. We need Multi-AZ DB cluster (not
instance). This has a reader endpoint by default, thus no need for additional read replicas (to "keep costs as low as possible").
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Concepts.MultiAZSingleStandby.html
upvoted 7 times
master9 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
in question, it has mentioned that "keep costs as low as possible"
In a Multi-AZ configuration, the DB instances and EBS storage volumes are deployed across two Availability Zones.
It provides high availability and failover support for DB instances.
This setup is primarily for disaster recovery.
It involves a primary DB instance and a standby replica, which is a copy of the primary DB instance.
The standby replica is not accessible directly; instead, it serves as a failover target in case the primary instance fails.
upvoted 1 times
potomac 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
It is D.
A is not correct. Multi-AZ DB instance deployment, which creates a primary instance and a standby instance to provide failover support. However, the
standby instance does not serve traffic.
upvoted 2 times
maudsha 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/choose-the-right-amazon-rds-deployment-option-single-az-instance-multi-az-instance-or-multi-az-
database-cluster/#:~:text=Unlike%20Multi%2DAZ%20instance%20deployment,different%20AZs%20serving%20read%20traffic.
According to this the answer is D
"Unlike Multi-AZ instance deployment, where the secondary instance can’t be accessed for read or writes, Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment consists
of primary instance running in one AZ serving read-write traffic and two other standby running in two different AZs serving read traffic."
You don't have to create read replicas with cluster deployment so B is out.
upvoted 2 times
kwang312 2 years, 9 months ago
D
Fail-over on Multi-AZ DB instance is 60-120s
On Cluster, the time under 35s
upvoted 5 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment. Point the read workload to the reader endpoint
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment Point the read workload to the reader endpoint.
upvoted 2 times
Eminenza22 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The solutions architect should use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance deployment. The company can create one read replica and point the read
workload to the read replica. Amazon RDS provides high availability and failover support for DB instances using Multi-AZ deployments.
upvoted 1 times
Gooniegoogoo 2 years, 11 months ago
and d..
Multi-AZ DB clusters typically have lower write latency when compared to Multi-AZ DB instance deployments. They also allow read-only workloads
to run on reader DB instances.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 3 years ago
Selected Answer: D
This is as case where both option A and D can work, but option D gives 2 DB instances for read compared to only 1 given by option A. Costwise they
are the same as both options use 3 DB instances.
upvoted 2 times
Henrytml 3 years ago
Selected Answer: A
lowest cost option, and effective with read replica
upvoted 3 times
antropaws 3 years ago
Selected Answer: D
It's D. Read well: "A company wants to use an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB CLUSTER".
upvoted 4 times