A company hosts a multi-tier web application that uses an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB cluster for storage. The application tier is
hosted on Amazon EC2 instances. The company’s IT security guidelines mandate that the database credentials be encrypted and
rotated every 14 days.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement with the LEAST operational effort?
A. Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption key. Use AWS Secrets Manager to create a new secret
that uses the KMS key with the appropriate credentials. Associate the secret with the Aurora DB cluster. Configure a custom
rotation period of 14 days. Most Voted
B. Create two parameters in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store: one for the user name as a string parameter and one that
uses the SecureString type for the password. Select AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption for the password
parameter, and load these parameters in the application tier. Implement an AWS Lambda function that rotates the password
every 14 days.
C. Store a file that contains the credentials in an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encrypted Amazon Elastic File
System (Amazon EFS) file system. Mount the EFS file system in all EC2 instances of the application tier. Restrict the access to
the file on the file system so that the application can read the file and that only super users can modify the file. Implement an
AWS Lambda function that rotates the key in Aurora every 14 days and writes new credentials into the file.
D. Store a file that contains the credentials in an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encrypted Amazon S3 bucket that
the application uses to load the credentials. Download the file to the application regularly to ensure that the correct credentials
are used. Implement an AWS Lambda function that rotates the Aurora credentials every 14 days and uploads these credentials
to the file in the S3 bucket.
Comments
elearningtakai Highly Voted 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AWS Secrets Manager allows you to easily rotate, manage, and retrieve database credentials, API keys, and other secrets throughout their lifecycle.
With this service, you can automate the rotation of secrets, such as database credentials, on a schedule that you choose. The solution allows you to
create a new secret with the appropriate credentials and associate it with the Aurora DB cluster. You can then configure a custom rotation period of
14 days to ensure that the credentials are automatically rotated every two weeks, as required by the IT security guidelines. This approach requires the
least amount of operational effort as it allows you to manage secrets centrally without modifying your application code or infrastructure.
upvoted 7 times
jennyka76 Highly Voted 3 years, 3 months ago
Answer is A
To implement password rotation lifecycles, use AWS Secrets Manager. You can rotate, manage, and retrieve database credentials, API keys, and other
secrets throughout their lifecycle using Secrets Manager.
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-use-aws-secrets-manager-rotate-credentials-amazon-rds-database-types-oracle/
upvoted 5 times
MJ45 Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Most questions related to rotating credentials - AWS Secrets Manager
AWS System Parameter Store CANNOT rotate credentials.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 6 months ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
Selected Answer: A
Well... I would simply rule out all the options with "Implement an AWS Lambda function" given that we need a solution with least operational effort.
Why manually compose codes to rotate when you can achieve the same goal automatically?
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption key. Use AWS Secrets Manager to create a new secret that uses the KMS key with
the appropriate credentials. Associate the secret with the Aurora DB cluster. Configure a custom rotation period of 14 days
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Use AWS Secrets Manager to store the Aurora credentials as a secret
Encrypt the secret with a KMS key
Configure 14 day automatic rotation for the secret
Associate the secret with the Aurora DB cluster
The key points:
Aurora MySQL credentials must be encrypted and rotated every 14 days
Want to minimize operational effort
upvoted 3 times
elearningtakai 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A: AWS Secrets Manager. Simply this supported rotate feature, and secure to store credentials instead of EFS or S3.
upvoted 2 times
Steve_4542636 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Voting A
upvoted 2 times
LuckyAro 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A proposes to create a new AWS KMS encryption key and use AWS Secrets Manager to create a new secret that uses the KMS key with the
appropriate credentials. Then, the secret will be associated with the Aurora DB cluster, and a custom rotation period of 14 days will be configured.
AWS Secrets Manager will automate the process of rotating the database credentials, which will reduce the operational effort required to meet the IT
security guidelines.
upvoted 2 times
Neha999 3 years, 3 months ago
A
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/59985-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c02/
upvoted 2 times