A solutions architect observes that a nightly batch processing job is automatically scaled up for 1 hour before the desired Amazon
EC2 capacity is reached. The peak capacity is the ‘same every night and the batch jobs always start at 1 AM. The solutions architect
needs to find a cost-effective solution that will allow for the desired EC2 capacity to be reached quickly and allow the Auto Scaling
group to scale down after the batch jobs are complete.
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Increase the minimum capacity for the Auto Scaling group.
B. Increase the maximum capacity for the Auto Scaling group.
C. Configure scheduled scaling to scale up to the desired compute level. Most Voted
D. Change the scaling policy to add more EC2 instances during each scaling operation.
Comments
ManOnTheMoon Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
GOOD LUCK EVERYONE :) YOU CAN DO THIS
upvoted 48 times
david76x Highly Voted 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is correct. Goodluck everybody!
upvoted 19 times
Guru4Cloud Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Configuring scheduled scaling actions allows the Auto Scaling group to scale up to the desired capacity at a scheduled time (1 AM in this case) when
the batch jobs start. This ensures the desired compute capacity is reached immediately.
The Auto Scaling group can then scale down based on metrics after the batch jobs complete.
upvoted 10 times
hsinchang 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The time is given, use scheduled for optimal cost
upvoted 4 times
qacollin 2 years, 1 month ago
just scheduled my exam :)
upvoted 8 times
awscerts023 2 years, 4 months ago
Reached here ! Did anyone schedule the real exam now ? How was it ?
upvoted 6 times
pal40sg 2 years, 4 months ago
Thanks to everyone who contributed with answers :)
upvoted 6 times
ProfXsamson 2 years, 4 months ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
Selected Answer: C
C. I'm here at the end, leaving this here for posterity sake 02/01/2023.
upvoted 6 times
dedline 2 years, 4 months ago
GL ALL!
upvoted 5 times
mhmt4438 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/27868-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c02/
upvoted 2 times
Aninina 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C. Configure scheduled scaling to scale up to the desired compute level.
By configuring scheduled scaling, the solutions architect can set the Auto Scaling group to automatically scale up to the desired compute level at a
specific time (1AM) when the batch job starts and then automatically scale down after the job is complete. This will allow the desired EC2 capacity to
be reached quickly and also help in reducing the cost.
upvoted 7 times
bamishr 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Configure scheduled scaling to scale up to the desired compute level.
upvoted 2 times
Morinator 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
predictable = schedule scaling
upvoted 5 times