An ecommerce company needs to run a scheduled daily job to aggregate and filter sales records for analytics. The company stores
the sales records in an Amazon S3 bucket. Each object can be up to 10 GB in size. Based on the number of sales events, the job
can take up to an hour to complete. The CPU and memory usage of the job are constant and are known in advance.
A solutions architect needs to minimize the amount of operational effort that is needed for the job to run.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Create an AWS Lambda function that has an Amazon EventBridge notification. Schedule the EventBridge event to run once a
day.
B. Create an AWS Lambda function. Create an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API, and integrate the API with the function. Create
an Amazon EventBridge scheduled event that calls the API and invokes the function.
C. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with an AWS Fargate launch type. Create an Amazon
EventBridge scheduled event that launches an ECS task on the cluster to run the job. Most Voted
D. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with an Amazon EC2 launch type and an Auto Scaling
group with at least one EC2 instance. Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled event that launches an ECS task on the cluster
to run the job.
Comments
ktulu2602 Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The requirement is to run a daily scheduled job to aggregate and filter sales records for analytics in the most efficient way possible. Based on the
requirement, we can eliminate option A and B since they use AWS Lambda which has a limit of 15 minutes of execution time, which may not be
sufficient for a job that can take up to an hour to complete.
Between options C and D, option C is the better choice since it uses AWS Fargate which is a serverless compute engine for containers that eliminates
the need to manage the underlying EC2 instances, making it a low operational effort solution. Additionally, Fargate also provides instant scale-up and
scale-down capabilities to run the scheduled job as per the requirement.
Therefore, the correct answer is:
C. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with an AWS Fargate launch type. Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled
event that launches an ECS task on the cluster to run the job.
upvoted 27 times
imvb88 Highly Voted 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
"1-hour job" -> A, B out since max duration for Lambda is 15 min
Between C and D, "minimize operational effort" means Fargate -> C
upvoted 6 times
awsgeek75 Most Recent 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A&B are out due to Lambda 15 min limits
C is less operationally complex than D so C is the right answer. Fargate is managed ECS cluster whereas EC2 based ECS will require more config
overhead.
upvoted 5 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with an AWS Fargate launch type. Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled
event that launches an ECS task on the cluster to run the job
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The best option is C.
'The job can take up to an hour to complete' rules out lambda functions as they only execute up to 15 mins. Hence option A and B are out.
'The CPU and memory usage of the job are constant and are known in advance' rules out the need for autoscaling. Hence option D is out.
upvoted 4 times
klayytech 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The solution that meets the requirements with the least operational overhead is to create a **Regional AWS WAF web ACL with a rate-based rule**
and associate the web ACL with the API Gateway stage. This solution will protect the application from HTTP flood attacks by monitoring incoming
requests and blocking requests from IP addresses that exceed the predefined rate.
Amazon CloudFront distribution with Lambda@Edge in front of the API Gateway Regional API endpoint is also a good solution but it requires more
operational overhead than the previous solution.
Using Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the Count metric and alerting the security team when the predefined rate is reached is not a solution
that can protect against HTTP flood attacks.
Creating an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the API Gateway Regional API endpoint with a maximum TTL of 24 hours is not a solution
that can protect against HTTP flood attacks.
upvoted 1 times
klayytech 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The solution that meets these requirements is C. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with an AWS Fargate launch type.
Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled event that launches an ECS task on the cluster to run the job. This solution will minimize the amount of
operational effort that is needed for the job to run.
AWS Lambda which has a limit of 15 minutes of execution time,
upvoted 2 times