A research laboratory needs to process approximately 8 TB of data. The laboratory requires sub-millisecond latencies and a
minimum throughput of 6 GBps for the storage subsystem. Hundreds of Amazon EC2 instances that run Amazon Linux will
distribute and process the data.
Which solution will meet the performance requirements?
A. Create an Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP file system. Sat each volume’ tiering policy to ALL. Import the raw data into the
file system. Mount the fila system on the EC2 instances.
B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the raw data. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system that uses persistent SSD
storage. Select the option to import data from and export data to Amazon S3. Mount the file system on the EC2 instances.
Most Voted
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the raw data. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system that uses persistent HDD
storage. Select the option to import data from and export data to Amazon S3. Mount the file system on the EC2 instances.
D. Create an Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP file system. Set each volume’s tiering policy to NONE. Import the raw data into
the file system. Mount the file system on the EC2 instances.
Comments
Bhawesh Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Keyword here is a minimum throughput of 6 GBps. Only the FSx for Lustre with SSD option gives the sub-milli response and throughput of 6 GBps or
more.
B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the raw data. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system that uses persistent SSD storage. Select the option
to import data from and export data to Amazon S3. Mount the file system on the EC2 instances.
Refrences:
https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/when-to-choose-fsx/
upvoted 21 times
bdp123 Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the raw data Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system that
uses persistent SSD storage Select the option to import data from and export data to Amazon S3
Mount the file system on the EC2 instances. Amazon FSx for Lustre uses SSD storage for submillisecond latencies and up to 6 GBps throughput, and
can import data from and export data to
Amazon S3. Additionally, the option to select persistent SSD storage will ensure that the data is stored on the disk and not lost if the file system is
stopped.
upvoted 8 times
MrPCarrot Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
Answer is B : FSx for Lustre with SSD option gives the sub-milli response and throughput of 6 GBps or more
upvoted 3 times
Pangian 1 year, 10 months ago
I dont even think that NetApp comes for Linux
upvoted 1 times
djgodzilla 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
Amazon FSx for Lustre for compute-intensive workloads.
- allows file-based applications to access data with hundreds of gigabytes per second of data, millions of IOPS, and sub millisecond latencies.
- supports file access to thousands of EC2 instances
and well SSD always wins ;)
upvoted 3 times
Mikado211 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
sub-millisecondes == Lustre
HDD vs SSD == for performance use SSD
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Amazon FSx for Lustre with SSD: Amazon FSx for Lustre is designed for high-performance, parallel file processing workloads. Choosing SSD storage
ensures fast I/O and meets the sub-millisecond latency requirement.
upvoted 4 times
rolervengador 2 years, 3 months ago
Voto por la B
upvoted 2 times
Gooniegoogoo 2 years, 5 months ago
So many of these are wrong, its good we have people that vote so we can get to the right answer!!
upvoted 2 times
kruasan 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
• Amazon FSx for Lustre with SSD storage can provide up to 260 GB/s of aggregate throughput and sub-millisecond latencies needed for this
workload.
• Persistent SSD storage ensures data durability in the file system. Data is also exported to S3 for backup storage.
• The file system will import the initial 8 TB of raw data from S3, providing a fast storage tier for processing while retaining the data in S3.
• The file system is mounted to the EC2 compute instances to distribute processing.
• FSx for Lustre is optimized for high-performance computing workloads running on Linux, matching the EC2 environment.
upvoted 3 times
kruasan 2 years, 7 months ago
Option A - FSx for NetApp ONTAP with ALL tiering policy would not provide fast enough storage tier for sub-millisecond latency. HDD tiers have
higher latency.
Option C - FSx for Lustre with HDD storage would not provide the throughput, IOPS or low latency needed.
Option D - FSx for NetApp ONTAP with NONE tiering policy would require much more expensive SSD storage to meet requirements, increasing
cost.
upvoted 2 times
Steve_4542636 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I vote B
upvoted 2 times
AlmeroSenior 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
FSX Lusture is 1000mbs per TB provisioned and we have 8TBs so gives us 8GBs . The netapp FSX appears a hard limit of 4gbs .
https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/lustre/faqs/?nc=sn&loc=5
https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/netapp-ontap/faqs/
upvoted 6 times
LuckyAro 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is the best choice as it utilizes Amazon S3 for data storage, which is cost-effective and durable, and Amazon FSx for Lustre for high-performance
file storage, which provides the required sub-millisecond latencies and minimum throughput of 6 GBps. Additionally, the option to import and expor
data to and from Amazon S3 makes it easier to manage and move data between the two services.
B is the best option as it meets the performance requirements for sub-millisecond latencies and a minimum throughput of 6 GBps.
upvoted 2 times
everfly 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Amazon FSx for Lustre provides fully managed shared storage with the scalability and performance of the popular Lustre file system. It can deliver
sub-millisecond latencies and hundreds of gigabytes per second of throughput.
upvoted 4 times