A company is deploying a new application on Amazon EC2 instances. The application writes data to Amazon Elastic Block Store
(Amazon EBS) volumes. The company needs to ensure that all data that is written to the EBS volumes is encrypted at rest.
Which solution will meet this requirement?
A. Create an IAM role that specifies EBS encryption. Attach the role to the EC2 instances.
B. Create the EBS volumes as encrypted volumes. Attach the EBS volumes to the EC2 instances. Most Voted
C. Create an EC2 instance tag that has a key of Encrypt and a value of True. Tag all instances that require encryption at the EBS
level.
D. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key policy that enforces EBS encryption in the account. Ensure that the
key policy is active.
Comments
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The solution that will meet the requirement of ensuring that all data that is written to the EBS volumes is encrypted at rest is B. Create the EBS
volumes as encrypted volumes and attach the encrypted EBS volumes to the EC2 instances.
When you create an EBS volume, you can specify whether to encrypt the volume. If you choose to encrypt the volume, all data written to the volume
is automatically encrypted at rest using AWS-managed keys. You can also use customer-managed keys (CMKs) stored in AWS KMS to encrypt and
protect your EBS volumes. You can create encrypted EBS volumes and attach them to EC2 instances to ensure that all data written to the volumes is
encrypted at rest.
Answer A is incorrect because attaching an IAM role to the EC2 instances does not automatically encrypt the EBS volumes.
Answer C is incorrect because adding an EC2 instance tag does not ensure that the EBS volumes are encrypted.
upvoted 12 times
Kds53829 Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
B is the answer
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B. Create the EBS volumes as encrypted volumes. Attach the EBS volumes to the EC2 instances.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years ago
Selected Answer: B
Windows client = Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 1 year, 7 months ago
ignore this, mind stuck on last question hhhhhh.
Just create the EBS volumes as encrypted volumes then attach the EBS volumes to the EC2 instances.
upvoted 5 times
elearningtakai 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
The other options either do not meet the requirement of encrypting data at rest (A and C) or do so in a more complex or less efficient manner (D).
upvoted 2 times
Bofi 2 years, 2 months ago
Why not D, EBS encryption require the use of KMS key
upvoted 1 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 2 months ago
Answer D is incorrect because creating a KMS key policy that enforces EBS encryption does not automatically encrypt EBS volumes. You need to
create encrypted EBS volumes and attach them to EC2 instances to ensure that all data written to the volumes are encrypted at rest.
upvoted 10 times
WherecanIstart 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Create encrypted EBS volumes and attach encrypted EBS volumes to EC2 instances..
upvoted 3 times
sitha 2 years, 3 months ago
Use Amazon EBS encryption as an encryption solution for your EBS resources associated with your EC2 instances.Select KMS Keys either default or
custom
upvoted 2 times
Ruhi02 2 years, 3 months ago
Answer B. You can enable encryption for EBS volumes while creating them.
upvoted 2 times