A social media company runs its application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The ALB is the
origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. The application has more than a billion images stored in an Amazon S3 bucket and
processes thousands of images each second. The company wants to resize the images dynamically and serve appropriate formats
to clients.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Install an external image management library on an EC2 instance. Use the image management library to process the images.
B. Create a CloudFront origin request policy. Use the policy to automatically resize images and to serve the appropriate format
based on the User-Agent HTTP header in the request.
C. Use a Lambda@Edge function with an external image management library. Associate the Lambda@Edge function with the
CloudFront behaviors that serve the images. Most Voted
D. Create a CloudFront response headers policy. Use the policy to automatically resize images and to serve the appropriate
format based on the User-Agent HTTP header in the request.
Comments
NolaHOla Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Use a Lambda@Edge function with an external image management library. Associate the Lambda@Edge function with the CloudFront behaviors that
serve the images.
Using a Lambda@Edge function with an external image management library is the best solution to resize the images dynamically and serve
appropriate formats to clients. Lambda@Edge is a serverless computing service that allows running custom code in response to CloudFront events,
such as viewer requests and origin requests. By using a Lambda@Edge function, it's possible to process images on the fly and modify the CloudFront
response before it's sent back to the client. Additionally, Lambda@Edge has built-in support for external libraries that can be used to process images
This approach will reduce operational overhead and scale automatically with traffic.
upvoted 21 times
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
The moment there is a need to implement some logic at the CDN think Lambda@Edge.
upvoted 12 times
Guru4Cloud Most Recent 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The correct answer is C.
A Lambda@Edge function is a serverless function that runs at the edge of the CloudFront network. This means that the function is executed close to
the user, which can improve performance.
An external image management library can be used to resize images and to serve the appropriate format.
Associating the Lambda@Edge function with the CloudFront behaviors that serve the images ensures that the function is executed for all requests
that are served by those behaviors.
upvoted 4 times
BrijMohan08 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
If the user asks for the most optimized image format (JPEG,WebP, or AVIF) using the directive format=auto, CloudFront Function will select the best
format based on the Accept header present in the request.
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (89%)
11%
Latest documentation: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/image-optimization-using-amazon-cloudfront-and-aws-
lambda/
upvoted 3 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
But a policy alone cannot resize images.
upvoted 1 times
bdp123 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://aws.amazon.com/cn/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/resizing-images-with-amazon-cloudfront-lambdaedge-aws-cdn-blog/
upvoted 5 times
everfly 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://aws.amazon.com/cn/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/resizing-images-with-amazon-cloudfront-lambdaedge-aws-cdn-blog/
upvoted 3 times