A company runs a global web application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The application stores
data in Amazon Aurora. The company needs to create a disaster recovery solution and can tolerate up to 30 minutes of downtime
and potential data loss. The solution does not need to handle the load when the primary infrastructure is healthy.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Deploy the application with the required infrastructure elements in place. Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-passive
failover. Create an Aurora Replica in a second AWS Region. Most Voted
B. Host a scaled-down deployment of the application in a second AWS Region. Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-
active failover. Create an Aurora Replica in the second Region.
C. Replicate the primary infrastructure in a second AWS Region. Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-active failover.
Create an Aurora database that is restored from the latest snapshot.
D. Back up data with AWS Backup. Use the backup to create the required infrastructure in a second AWS Region. Use Amazon
Route 53 to configure active-passive failover. Create an Aurora second primary instance in the second Region.
Comments
Parsons Highly Voted 3 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is correct.
- "The solution does not need to handle the load when the primary infrastructure is healthy." => Should use Route 53 Active-Passive ==> Exclude B,
C
- D is incorrect because "Create an Aurora second primary instance in the second Region.", we need to create an Aurora Replica enough.
upvoted 31 times
Parsons 3 years, 4 months ago
Ref link: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/dns-failover-types.html
upvoted 6 times
diabloexodia Highly Voted 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Anything that is not instant recovery is active - passive.
In active -passive we have :
1. Aws Backup(least op overhead) - RTO/RPO = hours
2. Pilot Light ( Basic Infra is already deployed, but needs to be fully implemented) -RTO/RPO = 10's of minutes.
3. Warm Standby- (Basic infra + runs small loads ( might need to add auto scaling) -RTO/RPO= minutes
4. ( ACTIVE -ACTIVE ) : Multi AZ option : instant
here we can tolerate 30 mins
hence B,D are incorrect. AWS backup is in hours, hence D is incorrect .
therefore A
upvoted 24 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
A does not create the infrastructure in the DR region though.
upvoted 2 times
bora4motion Most Recent 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
A seems logic to me. D seems legit as well but it does not guarantee everything will be live in 30 minutes.
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (72%)
D (28%)
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The Aurora Global Database would be ideal for a production system requiring near-instantaneous failover, however, it was not in the options. Since
the option D may not meet the 30-minute tolerance, I choose option A- Aurora Replica-based disaster recovery although replication is more
designed for reading traffic, it can still be used for failover based on this doc
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Replication.html.
upvoted 2 times
ensbrvsnss 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D is right
upvoted 1 times
jatric 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
confused with A and D but D looks more promising when it says doesn't need to handle the load when primary infrastructure is healthy
upvoted 2 times
lofzee 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
I went for D as the wording of A is weird....
D seems most plausible
upvoted 2 times
Jazz888 2 years ago
A
For those you are choosing D, I have a question for you. How do you guarantee the provisioning of resources will take less than 30 min through AWS
Backup?
upvoted 3 times
ManikRoy 2 years, 1 month ago
By excluding other options you can choose A but this option is incomplete as it doesn't mention deploying/recovering the application in secondary
region.
upvoted 1 times
MrPCarrot 2 years, 4 months ago
A is perfect - Active-Passive Failover: Use this failover configuration when you want a primary group of resources to be available the majority of the
time and you want a secondary group of resources to be on standby in case all of the primary resources become unavailable.
upvoted 2 times
MrPCarrot 2 years, 4 months ago
A is perfect
upvoted 1 times
farnamjam 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Here's why the other options aren't as suitable:
B. Active-active failover: Incur higher costs due to running both infrastructures simultaneously and introduces complexity in managing traffic
distribution.
C. Restoring from snapshot: Could take longer than 30 minutes to recover, exceeding the company's downtime tolerance.
D. AWS Backup: Dependent on backup and restore times, potentially exceeding the 30-minute recovery window.
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Not A - does not mention a second region for the infrastructure elements. Also, you cannot really "create an Aurora Replica in a second AWS
Region", replicas must be in same region unless using Aurora Global Database (which is not mentioned)
Not B - would send half of the traffic to the DR region
Not C - this could send traffic to the DR instance even when the primary instance is healthy
D - the wording "Aurora second primary instance" is a bit strange, but still a "primary instance" is what we would need in the other region. We would
still need to establish replication between the databases (like binlog), or restore a snapshot before failover, but in general this option could meet the
30 minute RTO/RPO requirement.
upvoted 5 times
lofzee 2 years ago
the question doesnt state Aurora MySQL but you can set up cross-region replicas for Aurora MySQL, but not PostgreSQL. the question only says
Amazon Aurora, so its left a bit open as Aurora is either MySql or PostgreSQL. this is without using Global Database.
tbh i think this question and answers are well off... it is a dump after all.
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
I agreed with D as the requirements of 30 min downtime and potential data loss and no load consideration when primary instance is healthy. It
makes D more feasible than A. Aurora-Replica is normally used for active-active failovers. Be frugal!
upvoted 4 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
'Can tolerate up to 30 minutes of downtime and potential data loss' rules out any option with 'active-active'. Leaves D and A. D is convoluted.
Leaving A.
upvoted 6 times
cookieMr 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. involves deploying the application and infrastructure elements in the primary Region. An Aurora Replica is created in a second Region to serve as
the standby database. Route 53 is configured with active-passive failover, directing traffic to the primary Region by default. In the event of a disaster,
Route 53 can automatically redirect traffic to the standby Region, minimizing downtime. Data loss may occur up to the point of the last replication to
the standby Region, which can be within the defined tolerance of 30 minutes.
Option B, is not necessary in this case as the solution does not need to handle the load when the primary infrastructure is healthy, and it may involve
higher complexity and costs.
Option C, may introduce additional complexity and potential data loss, as the standby database might not be up-to-date with the primary database.
Option D, may be suitable for backup and recovery scenarios but may not provide the required failover and downtime tolerance specified in the
requirements.
upvoted 3 times
antropaws 3 years ago
Selected Answer: D
I vote D, because option A is not highly available. In option A, you can't configure active-passive failover because you haven't created a backup
infrastructure.
upvoted 2 times