A company uses a 100 GB Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Server Single-AZ DB instance in the us-east-1 Region to store customer
transactions. The company needs high availability and automatic recovery for the DB instance.
The company must also run reports on the RDS database several times a year. The report process causes transactions to take
longer than usual to post to the customers’ accounts. The company needs a solution that will improve the performance of the
report process.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Modify the DB instance from a Single-AZ DB instance to a Multi-AZ deployment. Most Voted
B. Take a snapshot of the current DB instance. Restore the snapshot to a new RDS deployment in another Availability Zone.
C. Create a read replica of the DB instance in a different Availability Zone. Point all requests for reports to the read replica.
Most Voted
D. Migrate the database to RDS Custom.
E. Use RDS Proxy to limit reporting requests to the maintenance window.
Comments
elearningtakai Highly Voted 3 years, 2 months ago
A and C are the correct choices.
B. It will not help improve the performance of the report process.
D. Migrating to RDS Custom does not address the issue of high availability and automatic recovery.
E. RDS Proxy can help with scalability and high availability but it does not address the issue of performance for the report process. Limiting the
reporting requests to the maintenance window will not provide the required availability and recovery for the DB instance.
upvoted 8 times
rockyykrish Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
A and C
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
Create a Multi-AZ deployment, create a read replica of the DB instance in the second Availability Zone, point all requests for reports to the read
replica
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
The correct answers are A and C.
A. Modify the DB instance from a Single-AZ DB instance to a Multi-AZ deployment. This will provide high availability and automatic recovery for the
DB instance. If the primary DB instance fails, the standby DB instance will automatically become the primary DB instance. This will ensure that the
database is always available.
C. Create a read replica of the DB instance in a different Availability Zone. Point all requests for reports to the read replica. This will improve the
performance of the report process by offloading the read traffic from the primary DB instance to the read replica. The read replica is a fully
synchronized copy of the primary DB instance, so the reports will be accurate.
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: AC
Community vote distribution
AC (100%)
elearningtakai 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
A and C.
upvoted 3 times
WherecanIstart 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
Options A & C...
upvoted 4 times
KZM 3 years, 3 months ago
Options A+C
upvoted 3 times
bdp123 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
https://medium.com/awesome-cloud/aws-difference-between-multi-az-and-read-replicas-in-amazon-rds-60fe848ef53a
upvoted 4 times
jennyka76 3 years, 3 months ago
ANSWER - A & C
upvoted 4 times