A company stores its data objects in Amazon S3 Standard storage. A solutions architect has found that 75% of the data is rarely
accessed after 30 days. The company needs all the data to remain immediately accessible with the same high availability and
resiliency, but the company wants to minimize storage costs.
Which storage solution will meet these requirements?
A. Move the data objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 30 days.
B. Move the data objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days. Most Voted
C. Move the data objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 30 days.
D. Move the data objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) immediately.
Comments
Lonojack Highly Voted 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Needs immediate accessibility after 30days, IF they need to be accessed.
upvoted 6 times
Piccalo Highly Voted 3 years, 2 months ago
Highly available so One Zone IA is out the question
Glacier Deep archive isn't immediately accessible 12-48 hours
B is the answer.
upvoted 5 times
Danilus Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Key - high availability and resiliency
Key-the data to remain immediately accessible
Its not C or D because its One zone
its no B even if glacier is cheaper the problem is that data must be immediately accesible so the answer is B
upvoted 2 times
Aru_1994 1 year, 10 months ago
Option B
upvoted 2 times
Apexakil1996 2 years, 5 months ago
One -zone -infrequent access cannot be the answer because it requires high availability so standard infrequent access should be the answer
upvoted 5 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
high availability, resiliency = multi AZ
75% of the data is rarely accessed but remain immediately accessible = Standard-Infrequent Access
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
The correct answer is B.
S3 Standard-IA is a storage class that is designed for infrequently accessed data. It offers lower storage costs than S3 Standard, but it has a retrieval
latency of 1-5 minutes.
upvoted 4 times
elearningtakai 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3 Glacier Deep Archive is intended for data that is rarely accessed and can tolerate retrieval times measured in hours. Moving data to S3 One Zone-
IA immediately would not meet the requirement of immediate accessibility with the same high availability and resiliency.
upvoted 2 times
KS2020 3 years, 2 months ago
The answer should be C.
S3 One Zone-IA is for data that is accessed less frequently but requires rapid access when needed. Unlike other S3 Storage Classes which store data
in a minimum of three Availability Zones (AZs), S3 One Zone-IA stores data in a single AZ and costs 20% less than S3 Standard-IA.
https://aws.amazon.com/s3/storage-classes/#:~:text=S3%20One%20Zone%2DIA%20is,less%20than%20S3%20Standard%2DIA.
upvoted 1 times
shanwford 3 years, 2 months ago
The Question emphasises to kepp same high availability class - S3 One Zone-IA doesnt support multiple Availability Zone data resilience model like
S3 Standard-Infrequent Access.
upvoted 3 times
bdp123 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3 Standard-Infrequent Access after 30 days
upvoted 3 times
NolaHOla 3 years, 3 months ago
B
Option B - Move the data objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days - will meet the requirements of keeping the data
immediately accessible with high availability and resiliency, while minimizing storage costs. S3 Standard-IA is designed for infrequently accessed data
and it provides a lower storage cost than S3 Standard, while still offering the same low latency, high throughput, and high durability as S3 Standard.
upvoted 5 times