An ecommerce company is building a distributed application that involves several serverless functions and AWS services to
complete order-processing tasks. These tasks require manual approvals as part of the workflow. A solutions architect needs to
design an architecture for the order-processing application. The solution must be able to combine multiple AWS Lambda
functions into responsive serverless applications. The solution also must orchestrate data and services that run on Amazon EC2
instances, containers, or on-premises servers.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use AWS Step Functions to build the application. Most Voted
B. Integrate all the application components in an AWS Glue job.
C. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to build the application.
D. Use AWS Lambda functions and Amazon EventBridge events to build the application.
Comments
kinglong12 Highly Voted 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AWS Step Functions is a fully managed service that makes it easy to build applications by coordinating the components of distributed applications
and microservices using visual workflows. With Step Functions, you can combine multiple AWS Lambda functions into responsive serverless
applications and orchestrate data and services that run on Amazon EC2 instances, containers, or on-premises servers. Step Functions also allows for
manual approvals as part of the workflow. This solution meets all the requirements with the least operational overhead.
upvoted 15 times
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AWS Step Functions allow you to easily coordinate multiple Lambda functions and services into serverless workflows with visual workflows. Step
Functions are designed for building distributed applications that combine services and require human approval steps.
Using Step Functions provides a fully managed orchestration service with minimal operational overhead.
upvoted 7 times
TariqKipkemei Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
involves several serverless functions and AWS services, require manual approvals as part of the workflow, combine the Lambda functions into
responsive serverless applications, orchestrate data and services = AWS Step Functions
upvoted 5 times
capino 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Serverless && workflow service that need human approval::::step functions
upvoted 4 times
BeeKayEnn 2 years, 2 months ago
Key: Distributed Application Processing, Microservices orchestration (Orchestrate Data and Services)
A would be the best fit.
AWS Step Functions is a visual workflow service that helps developers use AWS services to build distributed applications, automate processes,
orchestrate microservices, and create data and machine learning (ML) pipelines.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/step-functions/#:~:text=AWS%20Step%20Functions%20is%20a,machine%20learning%20(ML)%20pipelines.
upvoted 5 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
COTIT 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Approval is explicit for the solution. -> "A common use case for AWS Step Functions is a task that requires human intervention (for example, an
approval process). Step Functions makes it easy to coordinate the components of distributed applications as a series of steps in a visual workflow
called a state machine. You can quickly build and run state machines to execute the steps of your application in a reliable and scalable fashion.
(https://aws.amazon.com/pt/blogs/compute/implementing-serverless-manual-approval-steps-in-aws-step-functions-and-amazon-api-gateway/)"
upvoted 6 times
ktulu2602 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Option A: Use AWS Step Functions to build the application.
AWS Step Functions is a serverless workflow service that makes it easy to coordinate distributed applications and microservices using visual
workflows. It is an ideal solution for designing architectures for distributed applications that involve multiple AWS services and serverless functions,
as it allows us to orchestrate the flow of our application components using visual workflows. AWS Step Functions also integrates with other AWS
services like AWS Lambda, Amazon EC2, and Amazon ECS, and it has built-in error handling and retry mechanisms. This option provides a serverless
solution with the least operational overhead for building the application.
upvoted 5 times