A company has a three-tier application on AWS that ingests sensor data from its users’ devices. The traffic flows through a
Network Load Balancer (NLB), then to Amazon EC2 instances for the web tier, and finally to EC2 instances for the application tier.
The application tier makes calls to a database.
What should a solutions architect do to improve the security of the data in transit?
A. Configure a TLS listener. Deploy the server certificate on the NLB. Most Voted
B. Configure AWS Shield Advanced. Enable AWS WAF on the NLB.
C. Change the load balancer to an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Enable AWS WAF on the ALB.
D. Encrypt the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume on the EC2 instances by using AWS Key Management Service
(AWS KMS).
Comments
fruto123 Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Network Load Balancers now support TLS protocol. With this launch, you can now offload resource intensive decryption/encryption from your
application servers to a high throughput, and low latency Network Load Balancer. Network Load Balancer is now able to terminate TLS traffic and set
up connections with your targets either over TCP or TLS protocol.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/create-tls-listener.html
https://exampleloadbalancer.com/nlbtls_demo.html
upvoted 24 times
imvb88 Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
security of data in transit -> think of SSL/TLS. Check: NLB supports TLS
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/create-tls-listener.html
B (DDoS), C (SQL Injection), D (EBS) is for data at rest.
upvoted 18 times
TariqKipkemei Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
secure data in transit = TLS
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
TLS provides encryption for data in motion over the network, protecting against eavesdropping and tampering. A valid server certificate signed by a
trusted CA will provide further security.
upvoted 6 times
klayytech 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
To improve the security of data in transit, you can configure a TLS listener on the Network Load Balancer (NLB) and deploy the server certificate on it
This will encrypt traffic between clients and the NLB. You can also use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to provision, manage, and deploy SSL/TLS
certificates for use with AWS services and your internal connected resources1.
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
You can also change the load balancer to an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and enable AWS WAF on it. AWS WAF is a web application firewall that
helps protect your web applications from common web exploits that could affect application availability, compromise security, or consume excessive
resources3.
the A and C correct without transit but the need to improve the security of the data in transit? so he need SSL/TLS certificates
upvoted 4 times
Maximus007 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
agree with fruto123
upvoted 4 times