A solutions architect is designing a multi-tier application for a company. The application's users upload images from a mobile
device. The application generates a thumbnail of each image and returns a message to the user to confirm that the image was
uploaded successfully.
The thumbnail generation can take up to 60 seconds, but the company wants to provide a faster response time to its users to
notify them that the original image was received. The solutions architect must design the application to asynchronously dispatch
requests to the different application tiers.
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Write a custom AWS Lambda function to generate the thumbnail and alert the user. Use the image upload process as an
event source to invoke the Lambda function.
B. Create an AWS Step Functions workflow. Configure Step Functions to handle the orchestration between the application tiers
and alert the user when thumbnail generation is complete.
C. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) message queue. As images are uploaded, place a message on the
SQS queue for thumbnail generation. Alert the user through an application message that the image was received. Most Voted
D. Create Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notification topics and subscriptions. Use one subscription with
the application to generate the thumbnail after the image upload is complete. Use a second subscription to message the user's
mobile app by way of a push notification after thumbnail generation is complete.
Comments
Steve_4542636 Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I've noticed there are a lot of questions about decoupling services and SQS is almost always the answer.
upvoted 35 times
alain_maza 1 year ago
same that cloudfront
upvoted 3 times
Neha999 Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
D
SNS fan out
upvoted 13 times
Manimgh Most Recent 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: C
C is correct -> take up to 60 seconds = SQS
upvoted 1 times
LoXoL 1 year, 10 months ago
They don't look like real answers from the official exam...
upvoted 1 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (94%)
6%
Each option is badly worded:
A: "generate the thumbnail and alert the user" doesn't sound sequential so could alert the user during, before or after the thumbnail generation
whichever way you interpret it.
B: this is sequential and won't alert until the steps are complete
D: Could work without with the risk of notification loss so C is better but this is also ok
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Safe answer is C but B is so badly worded that it can mean anything to confuse people. Step functions to use tiers. What if on of the step is to inform
to the user and move on to next step. Anyway, I'll chose C for the exam as it is cleaner.
upvoted 3 times
wsdasdasdqwdaw 2 years, 1 month ago
... asynchronously dispatch ... => Amazon SQS
upvoted 8 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Asynchronous, Decoupling = Amazon Simple Queue Service
upvoted 6 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
SQS is a fully managed message queuing service that can be used to decouple different parts of an application.
upvoted 3 times
Zox42 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Answers B and D alert the user when thumbnail generation is complete. Answer C alerts the user through an application message that the image was
received.
upvoted 5 times
Sbbh 2 years, 8 months ago
B:
Use cases for Step Functions vary widely, from orchestrating serverless microservices, to building data-processing pipelines, to defining a security-
incident response. As mentioned above, Step Functions may be used for synchronous and asynchronous business processes.
upvoted 1 times
AlessandraSAA 2 years, 9 months ago
why not B?
upvoted 4 times
Wael216 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Creating an Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) message queue and placing messages on the queue for thumbnail generation can help separate
the image upload and thumbnail generation processes.
upvoted 2 times
vindahake 2 years, 9 months ago
C
The key here is "a faster response time to its users to notify them that the original image was received." i.e user needs to be notified when image was
received and not after thumbnail was created.
upvoted 3 times
AlmeroSenior 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A looks like the best way , but its essentially replacing the mentioned app , that's not the ask
upvoted 2 times
Mickey321 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/with-s3-tutorial.html
upvoted 2 times
bdp123 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is the only one that makes sense
upvoted 3 times