A company stores several petabytes of data across multiple AWS accounts. The company uses AWS Lake Formation to manage its
data lake. The company's data science team wants to securely share selective data from its accounts with the company's
engineering team for analytical purposes.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Copy the required data to a common account. Create an IAM access role in that account. Grant access by specifying a
permission policy that includes users from the engineering team accounts as trusted entities.
B. Use the Lake Formation permissions Grant command in each account where the data is stored to allow the required
engineering team users to access the data.
C. Use AWS Data Exchange to privately publish the required data to the required engineering team accounts.
D. Use Lake Formation tag-based access control to authorize and grant cross-account permissions for the required data to the
engineering team accounts. Most Voted
Comments
cloudenthusiast Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
By utilizing Lake Formation's tag-based access control, you can define tags and tag-based policies to grant selective access to the required data for
the engineering team accounts. This approach allows you to control access at a granular level without the need to copy or move the data to a
common account or manage permissions individually in each account. It provides a centralized and scalable solution for securely sharing data across
accounts with minimal operational overhead.
upvoted 18 times
NSA_Poker Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
(B) uses the CLI command that has many options: principal, TableName, ColumnNames, LFTag etc providing a way to manage granular access
permissions for different users at the table and column level. That way you don't give full access to the all the data. The problem with (B) is to
implement this in each account has a lot more operational overhead than (D).
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D: Selective data = tagging
A and B gives full access to all the data
C is possible but with complex operational overhead as you have to publish your data to the Data Exchange. (this is based on my limited knowledge
so happy to be corrected)
upvoted 4 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D is the correct option with the least operational overhead.
Using Lake Formation tag-based access control allows granting cross-account permissions to access data in other accounts based on tags, without
having to copy data or configure individual permissions in each account.
This provides a centralized, tag-based way to share selective data across accounts to authorized users with least operational overhead.
upvoted 4 times
luisgu 2 years, 6 months ago
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
Selected Answer: D
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/securely-share-your-data-across-aws-accounts-using-aws-lake-formation/
upvoted 4 times