A company needs to migrate a legacy application from an on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud because of hardware
capacity constraints. The application runs 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The application’s database storage continues to grow
over time.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 Spot Instances. Migrate the data storage layer to Amazon S3.
B. Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances. Migrate the data storage layer to Amazon RDS On-
Demand Instances.
C. Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances. Migrate the data storage layer to Amazon Aurora Reserved
Instances. Most Voted
D. Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances. Migrate the data storage layer to Amazon RDS
Reserved Instances.
Comments
LuckyAro Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances allow for significant cost savings compared to On-Demand instances for long-running, steady-state workloads like
this one. Reserved Instances provide a capacity reservation, so the instances are guaranteed to be available for the duration of the reservation period
Amazon Aurora is a highly scalable, cloud-native relational database service that is designed to be compatible with MySQL and PostgreSQL. It can
automatically scale up to meet growing storage requirements, so it can accommodate the application's database storage needs over time. By using
Reserved Instances for Aurora, the cost savings will be significant over the long term.
upvoted 24 times
NolaHOla Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Option B based on the fact that the DB storage will continue to grow, so on-demand will be a more suitable solution
upvoted 15 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Database STORAGE will grow, not performance need (and required instance size).
upvoted 4 times
NolaHOla 2 years, 9 months ago
Since the application's database storage is continuously growing over time, it may be difficult to estimate the appropriate size of the Aurora cluster
in advance, which is required when reserving Aurora.
In this case, it may be more cost-effective to use Amazon RDS On-Demand Instances for the data storage layer. With RDS On-Demand Instances,
you pay only for the capacity you use and you can easily scale up or down the storage as needed.
upvoted 5 times
Joxtat 2 years, 9 months ago
The Answer is C.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.AuroraMySQL.html
upvoted 2 times
hristni0 2 years, 6 months ago
Answer is C. From Aurora Reserved Instances documentation:
If you have a DB instance, and you need to scale it to larger capacity, your reserved DB instance is automatically applied to your scaled DB
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (86%)
14%
instance. That is, your reserved DB instances are automatically applied across all DB instance class sizes. Size-flexible reserved DB instances are
available for DB instances with the same AWS Region and database engine.
upvoted 2 times
zdi561 Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
RIs are best for steady-state database workloads.
upvoted 1 times
hro 1 year, 8 months ago
cost-effectively - the answer is C.
The application runs 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The application’s database storage continues to grow over time.
upvoted 3 times
MrPCarrot 1 year, 9 months ago
Answer is C: Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances and Amazon Aurora Reserved Instances = less expensive than RDS.
upvoted 3 times
andyngkh86 1 year, 10 months ago
Amazon Aurora reserved instances is used for the work load on predictable, so answer should be B
upvoted 1 times
Priyapani 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I think it's B as database storage will grow
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 10 months ago
Application runs 24x7 which means database is also used 24x7. The storage will grow and RDS On-Demand does not have auto-grow storage. You
have to configure a storage size for RDS which means it will eventually run out of space. RDS On-Demand just scales CPU, not storage.
Aurora has no storage limitation and can scale storage according to need which is what is required here
upvoted 4 times
Mikado211 2 years ago
Selected Answer: C
24/7 forbids spot instances , so A is excluded
Cost efficience require reserved instances , so D is excluded
Between RDS and Aurora, Aurora is less expensive thanks to the reserved instance, so B is finally excluded
Answer is C
upvoted 4 times
cciesam 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
I hope it should be B considering Database growth
upvoted 1 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Reserved instance applies to the DB instance size (CPU, RAM etc.), not storage.
upvoted 3 times
Wayne23Fang 2 years, 2 months ago
My research concludes that From pure price point of view Aurora Reserved might/ usually be slightly more expensive than On-demand RDS. But RDS
has less Operation overhead. For the 24x7 nature, I would vote C. But for pure cost-effective, B is less costly.
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
This option involves migrating the application layer to Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances and migrating the data storage layer to Amazon Aurora
Reserved Instances. Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances provide a significant discount (up to 75%) compared to On-Demand Instance pricing, making
them a cost-effective choice for applications that have steady state or predictable usage. Similarly, Amazon Aurora Reserved Instances provide a
significant discount (up to 69%) compared to On-Demand Instance pricing.
upvoted 2 times
ajchi1980 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
To meet the requirements of migrating a legacy application from an on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud in a cost-effective manner, the most
suitable option would be:
C. Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances. Migrate the data storage layer to Amazon Aurora Reserved Instances.
Explanation:
Migrating the application layer to Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances allows you to reserve EC2 capacity in advance, providing cost savings compared
to On-Demand Instances. This is especially beneficial if the application runs 24/7.
Migrating the data storage layer to Amazon Aurora Reserved Instances provides cost optimization for the growing database storage needs. Amazon
Aurora is a fully managed relational database service that offers high performance, scalability, and cost efficiency.
upvoted 2 times
cpen 2 years, 6 months ago
nnascncnscnknkckl
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 7 months ago
Answer is C
upvoted 2 times
QuangPham810 2 years, 7 months ago
Answer is C. Refer https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/USER_WorkingWithReservedDBInstances.html => Size-flexible
reserved DB instances
upvoted 2 times
Abhineet9148232 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C: With Aurora Serverless v2, each writer and reader has its own current capacity value, measured in ACUs. Aurora Serverless v2 scales a writer or
reader up to a higher capacity when its current capacity is too low to handle the load. It scales the writer or reader down to a lower capacity when its
current capacity is higher than needed.
This is sufficient to accommodate the growing data changes.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/aurora-serverless-v2.how-it-works.html#aurora-serverless-v2.how-it-
works.scaling
upvoted 2 times
Steve_4542636 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Typically Amazon RDS cost less than Aurora. But here, it's Aurora reserved.
upvoted 2 times
djgodzilla 1 year, 11 months ago
although agree and AWS wants you to choose Answer C. You can't convince a cloud accounting analyst that Aurora is cheaper than RDS. no matter
what
upvoted 2 times