A company has migrated an application to Amazon EC2 Linux instances. One of these EC2 instances runs several 1-hour tasks on a
schedule. These tasks were written by different teams and have no common programming language. The company is concerned
about performance and scalability while these tasks run on a single instance. A solutions architect needs to implement a solution
to resolve these concerns.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use AWS Batch to run the tasks as jobs. Schedule the jobs by using Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events).
Most Voted
B. Convert the EC2 instance to a container. Use AWS App Runner to create the container on demand to run the tasks as jobs.
C. Copy the tasks into AWS Lambda functions. Schedule the Lambda functions by using Amazon EventBridge (Amazon
CloudWatch Events).
D. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the EC2 instance that runs the tasks. Create an Auto Scaling group with the AMI
to run multiple copies of the instance.
Comments
fkie4 Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
question said "These tasks were written by different teams and have no common programming language", and key word "scalable". Only Lambda
can fulfil these. Lambda can be done in different programming languages, and it is scalable
upvoted 10 times
FourOfAKind 2 years, 9 months ago
But the question states "several 1-hour tasks on a schedule", and the maximum runtime for Lambda is 15 minutes, so it can't be A.
upvoted 32 times
FourOfAKind 2 years, 9 months ago
can't be C
upvoted 9 times
smgsi 2 years, 9 months ago
It’s not because time limit of lambda is 15 minutes
upvoted 13 times
JTruong 1 year, 11 months ago
Lambda can only execute job under 15 mins* so C can't be the answer
upvoted 6 times
wsdasdasdqwdaw 2 years, 1 month ago
AWS Batch - As a fully managed service, AWS Batch helps you to run batch computing workloads of any scale. AWS Batch automatically provisions
compute resources and optimizes the workload distribution based on the quantity and scale of the workloads. With AWS Batch, there's no need to
install or manage batch computing software, so you can focus your time on analyzing results and solving problems.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/batch/latest/userguide/what-is-batch.html ---> I am voting for A, C would have been OK if the time was within 15
minutes.
upvoted 9 times
pentium75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
"Running on a schedule" = Batch
Not C due Lambda < 15 min
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (71%)
C (17%)
10%
Not D, auto-scaling doesn't make sense for things running on a schedule
upvoted 9 times
Manimgh Most Recent 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
no common programming language = Batch
upvoted 2 times
foha2012 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Answer = D
"performance and scalability while these tasks run on a single instance" They gave me a legacy application and want it to autoscale for performace.
They dont want it to run on a single EC2 instance. Shouldn't I make an AMI and provision multiple EC2 instances in an autoscaling group ? I could
put an ALB in front of it. I wont have to deal with "uncommon programming languages" inside the application... Just a thought..
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AWS Batch is for jobs running at schedule on EC2. so option A
B is operational overhead
C Lambda is 15 mins max execution
D Scaling is not a requirement
upvoted 7 times
meowruki 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
AWS Batch: AWS Batch is a fully managed service for running batch computing workloads. It dynamically provisions the optimal quantity and type of
compute resources based on the volume and specific resource requirements of the batch jobs. It allows you to run tasks written in different
programming languages with minimal operational overhead.
upvoted 4 times
hungta 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
The tast working for hour but lambda function timeout is 15 minutes. So vote A.
upvoted 2 times
youdelin 2 years, 2 months ago
I know guys are stressed out trying to figure this exam out okay, but no matter what people say, with or without reasoning, at least put your mouth
clean. Going like AAA is an issue, but talking shi* on him just because he didn't write down the reasoning is your fault.
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
It can run heterogeneous workloads and tasks without needing to convert them to a common format.
AWS Batch manages the underlying compute resources - no need to manage containers, Lambda functions or Auto Scaling groups.
upvoted 6 times
zjcorpuz 2 years, 4 months ago
AWS Lambda function can only be run for 15 mins
upvoted 2 times
jaydesai8 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
maximum runtime for Lambda is 15 minutes, hence A
upvoted 3 times
antropaws 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
I also go with A.
upvoted 2 times
omoakin 2 years, 6 months ago
C. Copy the tasks into AWS Lambda functions. Schedule the Lambda functions by using Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events)
upvoted 1 times
ruqui 2 years, 6 months ago
wrong, Lambda maximum runtime is 15 minutes and the tasks run for an hour
upvoted 3 times
KMohsoe 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
B and D out!
A and C let's think!
AWS Lambda functions are time limited.
So, Option A
upvoted 2 times
lucdt4 2 years, 6 months ago
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
because lambda only run within 15 minutes
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer is A.
Could have been C but AWS Lambda functions can be only configured to run up to 15 minutes per execution. While the task in question need an
1hour to run,
upvoted 5 times
luisgu 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
question is asking for the LEAST operational overhead. With batch, you have to create the compute environment, create the job queue, create the job
definition and create the jobs --> more operational overhead than creating an ASG
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Things 'running on a schedule' = Batch, not autoscaling
upvoted 2 times