A company is designing the network for an online multi-player game. The game uses the UDP networking protocol and will be
deployed in eight AWS Regions. The network architecture needs to minimize latency and packet loss to give end users a high-
quality gaming experience.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Setup a transit gateway in each Region. Create inter-Region peering attachments between each transit gateway.
B. Set up AWS Global Accelerator with UDP listeners and endpoint groups in each Region. Most Voted
C. Set up Amazon CloudFront with UDP turned on. Configure an origin in each Region.
D. Set up a VPC peering mesh between each Region. Turn on UDP for each VPC.
Comments
lucdt4 Highly Voted 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
AWS Global Accelerator = TCP/UDP minimize latency
upvoted 13 times
mwwt2022 Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
online game -> Global Accelerator
cloudfront is for static/dynamic content caching
upvoted 5 times
Danilus Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
key-UDP networking protocol
key-minimize latency and packet loss
Transit gateway is to conect multiple vpc
The solution is B because its accept udp protocol and its s global .
The solution is not C because cloudfront just accept http and https protocols
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Set up AWS Global Accelerator with UDP listeners and endpoint groups in each Region.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 3 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
Connect to up to 10 regions within the AWS global network using the AWS Global Accelerator.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 7 months ago
UDP = Global Accelerator
upvoted 3 times
OAdekunle 3 years, 1 month ago
General
Q: What is AWS Global Accelerator?
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
A: AWS Global Accelerator is a networking service that helps you improve the availability and performance of the applications that you offer to your
global users. AWS Global Accelerator is easy to set up, configure, and manage. It provides static IP addresses that provide a fixed entry point to your
applications and eliminate the complexity of managing specific IP addresses for different AWS Regions and Availability Zones. AWS Global
Accelerator always routes user traffic to the optimal endpoint based on performance, reacting instantly to changes in application health, your user’s
location, and policies that you configure. You can test the performance benefits from your location with a speed comparison tool. Like other AWS
services, AWS Global Accelerator is a self-service, pay-per-use offering, requiring no long term commitments or minimum fees.
https://aws.amazon.com/global-accelerator/faqs/
upvoted 5 times
elearningtakai 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Global Accelerator supports the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) and Transmission Control Protocol (TCP), making it an excellent choice for an online
multi-player game using UDP networking protocol. By setting up Global Accelerator with UDP listeners and endpoint groups in each Region, the
network architecture can minimize latency and packet loss, giving end users a high-quality gaming experience.
upvoted 5 times
Bofi 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AWS Global Accelerator is a service that improves the availability and performance of applications with local or global users. Global Accelerator
improves performance for a wide range of applications over TCP or UDP by proxying packets at the edge to applications running in one or more
AWS Regions. Global Accelerator is a good fit for non-HTTP use cases, such as gaming (UDP), IoT (MQTT), or Voice over IP, as well as for HTTP use
cases that specifically require static IP addresses or deterministic, fast regional failover. Both services integrate with AWS Shield for DDoS protection.
upvoted 2 times
K0nAn 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Global Accelerator for UDP and TCP traffic
upvoted 3 times
bdp123 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Global Accelerator
upvoted 2 times
Neha999 3 years, 3 months ago
B
Global Accelerator for UDP traffic
upvoted 3 times