A company has a business system that generates hundreds of reports each day. The business system saves the reports to a
network share in CSV format. The company needs to store this data in the AWS Cloud in near-real time for analysis.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead?
A. Use AWS DataSync to transfer the files to Amazon S3. Create a scheduled task that runs at the end of each day.
B. Create an Amazon S3 File Gateway. Update the business system to use a new network share from the S3 File Gateway.
Most Voted
C. Use AWS DataSync to transfer the files to Amazon S3. Create an application that uses the DataSync API in the automation
workflow.
D. Deploy an AWS Transfer for SFTP endpoint. Create a script that checks for new files on the network share and uploads the
new files by using SFTP.
Comments
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
Both Amazon S3 File Gateway and AWS DataSync are suitable for this scenario.
But there is a requirement for 'LEAST administrative overhead'.
Option C involves the creation of an entirely new application to consume the DataSync API, this rules out this option.
upvoted 16 times
channn Highly Voted 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Key words:
1. near-real-time (A is out)
2. LEAST administrative (C n D is out)
upvoted 11 times
zdi561 Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Firstly the requirement is not about hybrid cloud e.g. use the data migrated to aws from on-premise, so B is gone. Secondly it is near real time, A is
gone. Thirdly less admistratively, C is one since an application is a headache. D is the best , it only involves a script. SFTP is good for light file transfer.
Here there are only hundreds of files in a day.
upvoted 1 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
This option has the least administrative overhead because:
Using DataSync avoids having to rewrite the business system to use a new file gateway or SFTP endpoint.
Calling the DataSync API from an application allows automating the data transfer instead of running scheduled tasks or scripts.
DataSync directly transfers files from the network share to S3 without needing an intermediate server
upvoted 2 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
"Create an application" hell no, the application must run somewhere etc., this is massive "administrative overhead".
upvoted 5 times
antropaws 2 years, 6 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (87%)
11%
Selected Answer: B
B. Data Sync is better for one time migrations.
upvoted 3 times
kruasan 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The correct solution here is:
B. Create an Amazon S3 File Gateway. Update the business system to use a new network share from the S3 File Gateway.
This option requires the least administrative overhead because:
- It presents a simple network file share interface that the business system can write to, just like a standard network share. This requires minimal
changes to the business system.
- The S3 File Gateway automatically uploads all files written to the share to an S3 bucket in the background. This handles the transfer and upload to
S3 without requiring any scheduled tasks, scripts or automation.
- All ongoing management like monitoring, scaling, patching etc. is handled by AWS for the S3 File Gateway.
upvoted 5 times
kruasan 2 years, 7 months ago
The other options would require more ongoing administrative effort:
A) AWS DataSync would require creating and managing scheduled tasks and monitoring them.
C) Using the DataSync API would require developing an application and then managing and monitoring it.
D) The SFTP option would require creating scripts, managing SFTP access and keys, and monitoring the file transfer process.
So overall, the S3 File Gateway requires the least amount of ongoing management and administration as it presents a simple file share interface but
handles the upload to S3 in a fully managed fashion. The business system can continue writing to a network share as is, while the files are
transparently uploaded to S3.
The S3 File Gateway is the most hands-off, low-maintenance solution in this scenario.
upvoted 4 times
elearningtakai 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - creating a scheduled task is not near-real time.
B - The S3 File Gateway caches frequently accessed data locally and automatically uploads it to Amazon S3, providing near-real-time access to the
data.
C - creating an application that uses the DataSync API in the automation workflow may provide near-real-time data access, but it requires additional
development effort.
D - it requires additional development effort.
upvoted 5 times
zooba72 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
It's B. DataSync has a scheduler and it runs on hour intervals, it cannot be used real-time
upvoted 2 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The correct answer is C. Use AWS DataSync to transfer the files to Amazon S3. Create an application that uses the DataSync API in the automation
workflow.
To store the CSV reports generated by the business system in the AWS Cloud in near-real time for analysis, the best solution with the least
administrative overhead would be to use AWS DataSync to transfer the files to Amazon S3 and create an application that uses the DataSync API in
the automation workflow.
AWS DataSync is a fully managed service that makes it easy to automate and accelerate data transfer between on-premises storage systems and AWS
Cloud storage, such as Amazon S3. With DataSync, you can quickly and securely transfer large amounts of data to the AWS Cloud, and you can
automate the transfer process using the DataSync API.
upvoted 4 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 8 months ago
Answer A, using AWS DataSync to transfer the files to Amazon S3 and creating a scheduled task that runs at the end of each day, is not the best
solution because it does not meet the requirement of storing the CSV reports in near-real time for analysis.
Answer B, creating an Amazon S3 File Gateway and updating the business system to use a new network share from the S3 File Gateway, is not the
best solution because it requires additional configuration and management overhead.
Answer D, deploying an AWS Transfer for the SFTP endpoint and creating a script to check for new files on the network share and upload the new
files using SFTP, is not the best solution because it requires additional scripting and management overhead
upvoted 3 times
COTIT 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I think B is the better answer, "LEAST administrative overhead"
https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/file/?nc1=h_ls
upvoted 5 times
andyto 2 years, 8 months ago
B - S3 File Gateway.
C - this is wrong answer because data migration is scheduled (this is not continuous task), so condition "near-real time" is not fulfilled
upvoted 4 times
Thief 2 years, 8 months ago
C is the best ans
upvoted 1 times
lizzard812 2 years, 8 months ago
Why not A? There is no scheduled job?
upvoted 2 times