A company runs an application on Amazon EC2 instances. The company needs to implement a disaster recovery (DR) solution for
the application. The DR solution needs to have a recovery time objective (RTO) of less than 4 hours. The DR solution also needs to
use the fewest possible AWS resources during normal operations.
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way?
A. Create Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) to back up the EC2 instances. Copy the AMIs to a secondary AWS Region. Automate
infrastructure deployment in the secondary Region by using AWS Lambda and custom scripts.
B. Create Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) to back up the EC2 instances. Copy the AMIs to a secondary AWS Region. Automate
infrastructure deployment in the secondary Region by using AWS CloudFormation. Most Voted
C. Launch EC2 instances in a secondary AWS Region. Keep the EC2 instances in the secondary Region active at all times.
D. Launch EC2 instances in a secondary Availability Zone. Keep the EC2 instances in the secondary Availability Zone active at all
times.
Comments
NolaHOla Highly Voted 3 years, 3 months ago
Guys, sorry but I don't really have time to deepdive as my exam is soon. Based on chatGPT and my previous study the answer should be B
"Create Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) to back up the EC2 instances. Copy the AMIs to a secondary AWS Region. Automate infrastructure
deployment in the secondary Region by using AWS CloudFormation," would likely be the most suitable solution for the given requirements.
This option allows for the creation of Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) to back up the EC2 instances, which can then be copied to a secondary AWS
region to provide disaster recovery capabilities. The infrastructure deployment in the secondary region can be automated using AWS
CloudFormation, which can help to reduce the amount of time and resources needed for deployment and management.
upvoted 13 times
NBone 2 years, 10 months ago
please how do you use chatGPT to study for these questions?
upvoted 5 times
nickolaj Highly Voted 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option B would be the most operationally efficient solution for implementing a DR solution for the application, meeting the requirement of an RTO
of less than 4 hours and using the fewest possible AWS resources during normal operations.
By creating Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) to back up the EC2 instances and copying them to a secondary AWS Region, the company can ensure
that they have a reliable backup in the event of a disaster. By using AWS CloudFormation to automate infrastructure deployment in the secondary
Region, the company can minimize the amount of time and effort required to set up the DR solution.
upvoted 9 times
djgodzilla Most Recent 2 years, 5 months ago
OPtion E : Automate infrastructure deployment in the secondary Region by using terraform and ditch AWS CloudFormation .
upvoted 6 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A is not "most operationally efficient"
C and D do not meet the "use the fewest possible AWS resources during normal operations" requirement
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
vijaykamal 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option D suggests launching EC2 instances in a secondary Availability Zone (AZ), but AZs are not separate AWS Regions. While it provides high
availability within a Region, it doesn't offer geographic redundancy, which is essential for disaster recovery.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
needs to use the fewest possible AWS resources during normal operations = backup & restore
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Create Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) to back up the EC2 instances. Copy the AMIs to a secondary AWS Region. Automate infrastructure
deployment in the secondary Region by using AWS CloudFormation
upvoted 2 times
AMYMY 2 years, 9 months ago
B SHOULD BE RIGHT
upvoted 2 times
A1975 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Option A: Add complexity and management overhead.
Option B: Creating AMIs for backup and using AWS CloudFormation for infrastructure deployment in the secondary Region is a more streamlined
and automated approach. CloudFormation allows you to define and provision resources in a declarative manner, making it easier to maintain and
update your infrastructure. This solution is more operationally efficient compared to Option A.
Option C: could be expensive and not fully aligned with the requirement of using the fewest possible AWS resources during normal operations.
Option D: might not be sufficient for meeting the DR requirements, as Availability Zones are still within the same AWS Region and might be subject
to the same regional-level failures.
upvoted 2 times
NBone 2 years, 10 months ago
Please I would really appreciate clarification with this question. The community has voted 100% that the right answer is B. However, option D is
shown to be the correct answer. So, who sets the correct answer? Which one should new comers like myself believe? the community's or the other
(which am guessing is set by the moderators???) Please help.
upvoted 2 times
Kaula 2 years, 2 months ago
From Examtopics support:
In very few cases a conflict is raised between the provided and most-voted answers.
In case of conflict between the provided & most voted answers, we suggest our customers rely on the most voted answers and consider them most
correct.
upvoted 2 times
SimiTik 3 years, 1 month ago
C may satisfy the requirement of using the fewest possible AWS resources during normal operations, it may not be the most operationally efficient o
cost-effective solution in the long term.
upvoted 3 times
AlmeroSenior 3 years, 3 months ago
So Weird , they have product for this > Elastic Disaster Recovery , but option is not given .
upvoted 2 times
Yechi 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/zh_cn/whitepapers/latest/disaster-recovery-workloads-on-aws/disaster-recovery-options-in-the-cloud.html#backup-
and-restore
upvoted 5 times
Joan111edu 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
the answer should be B
--->recovery time objective (RTO) of less than 4 hours.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/zh_cn/whitepapers/latest/disaster-recovery-workloads-on-aws/disaster-recovery-options-in-the-cloud.html#backup-
and-restore
upvoted 4 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
English version: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/disaster-recovery-workloads-on-aws/disaster-recovery-options-in-the-cloud.html
upvoted 1 times