A company has hired a solutions architect to design a reliable architecture for its application. The application consists of one
Amazon RDS DB instance and two manually provisioned Amazon EC2 instances that run web servers. The EC2 instances are
located in a single Availability Zone.
An employee recently deleted the DB instance, and the application was unavailable for 24 hours as a result. The company is
concerned with the overall reliability of its environment.
What should the solutions architect do to maximize reliability of the application's infrastructure?
A. Delete one EC2 instance and enable termination protection on the other EC2 instance. Update the DB instance to be Multi-
AZ, and enable deletion protection.
B. Update the DB instance to be Multi-AZ, and enable deletion protection. Place the EC2 instances behind an Application Load
Balancer, and run them in an EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. Most Voted
C. Create an additional DB instance along with an Amazon API Gateway and an AWS Lambda function. Configure the
application to invoke the Lambda function through API Gateway. Have the Lambda function write the data to the two DB
instances.
D. Place the EC2 instances in an EC2 Auto Scaling group that has multiple subnets located in multiple Availability Zones. Use
Spot Instances instead of On-Demand Instances. Set up Amazon CloudWatch alarms to monitor the health of the instances
Update the DB instance to be Multi-AZ, and enable deletion protection.
Comments
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Option E: Sack the employee who did this :)
upvoted 11 times
nosense Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B is correct. HA ensured by DB in Mutli-AZ and EC2 in AG
upvoted 7 times
wizcloudifa Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A: delete one instance, why?. Although takes care of reliability of DB instance however not EC2.
B. seems perfect as takes care of reliability of both EC2 as well as DB
C. DB instance's reliability is not taken care of
D. seems to be trying to address cost alongside reliability of EC2 and DB.
upvoted 3 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A: Deleting one EC2 instance makes no sense. Why would you do that?
C: API Gateway, Lambda etc are all nice but they don't solve the problem of DB instance deletion
D: EC2 subnet blah blah, what? The problem is reliability, not networking!
B is correct as it solves the DB deletion issue and increases reliability by Multi AZ scaling of EC2 instances
upvoted 5 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The key points:
° RDS Multi-AZ and deletion protection provide high availability for the database.
° The load balancer and Auto Scaling group across AZs give high availability for EC2.
° Options A, C, D have limitations that would reduce reliability vs option B.
upvoted 3 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Update the DB instance to be Multi-AZ, and enable deletion protection. Place the EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer, and run them
in an EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones
upvoted 2 times
antropaws 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B for sure.
upvoted 2 times
alexandercamachop 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
It is the only one with High Availability.
Amazon RDS with Multi AZ
EC2 with Auto Scaling Group in Multi Az
upvoted 2 times
omoakin 2 years, 6 months ago
same question from
https://www.examtopics.com/exams/amazon/aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c02/
long time ago and still same option B
upvoted 3 times