A company is hosting a web application from an Amazon S3 bucket. The application uses Amazon Cognito as an identity provider
to authenticate users and return a JSON Web Token (JWT) that provides access to protected resources that are stored in another
S3 bucket.
Upon deployment of the application, users report errors and are unable to access the protected content. A solutions architect
must resolve this issue by providing proper permissions so that users can access the protected content.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Update the Amazon Cognito identity pool to assume the proper IAM role for access to the protected content. Most Voted
B. Update the S3 ACL to allow the application to access the protected content.
C. Redeploy the application to Amazon S3 to prevent eventually consistent reads in the S3 bucket from affecting the ability of
users to access the protected content.
D. Update the Amazon Cognito pool to use custom attribute mappings within the identity pool and grant users the proper
permissions to access the protected content.
Comments
alexandercamachop Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
To resolve the issue and provide proper permissions for users to access the protected content, the recommended solution is:
A. Update the Amazon Cognito identity pool to assume the proper IAM role for access to the protected content.
Explanation:
Amazon Cognito provides authentication and user management services for web and mobile applications.
In this scenario, the application is using Amazon Cognito as an identity provider to authenticate users and obtain JSON Web Tokens (JWTs).
The JWTs are used to access protected resources stored in another S3 bucket.
To grant users access to the protected content, the proper IAM role needs to be assumed by the identity pool in Amazon Cognito.
By updating the Amazon Cognito identity pool with the appropriate IAM role, users will be authorized to access the protected content in the S3
bucket.
upvoted 17 times
alexandercamachop 2 years ago
Option B is incorrect because updating the S3 ACL (Access Control List) will only affect the permissions of the application, not the users accessing
the content.
Option C is incorrect because redeploying the application to Amazon S3 will not resolve the issue related to user access permissions.
Option D is incorrect because updating custom attribute mappings in Amazon Cognito will not directly grant users the proper permissions to acces
the protected content.
upvoted 12 times
LuckyAro Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is the best solution as it directly addresses the issue of permissions and grants authenticated users the necessary IAM role to access the protected
content.
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (95%)
5%
A suggests updating the Amazon Cognito identity pool to assume the proper IAM role for access to the protected content. This is a valid solution, as
it would grant authenticated users the necessary permissions to access the protected content.
upvoted 6 times
Marco_St Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
IAM role is assinged to IAM users or groups or assumed by AWS service. So IAM role is given to AWS Cognito service which provides temporary AWS
credentials to authenticated users. so technically When a user is authenticated by Cognito, they receive temporary credentials based on the IAM role
tied to the Cognito identity pool. If this IAM role has permissions to access certain S3 buckets or objects, the authenticated user will be able to access
those resources as allowed by the role. This service is used under the hood by Cognito to provide these temporary credentials. The credentials are
limited in time and scope based on the permissions defined in the IAM role.
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. Update the Amazon Cognito identity pool to assume the proper IAM role for access to the protected content.
upvoted 3 times
Abrar2022 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
Services access other services via IAM Roles. Hence why updating AWS Cognito identity pool to assume proper IAM Role is the right solution.
upvoted 2 times
shanwford 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Amazon Cognito identity pools assign your authenticated users a set of temporary, limited-privilege credentials to access your AWS resources. The
permissions for each user are controlled through IAM roles that you create. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/role-based
access-control.html
upvoted 3 times
Brak 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A makes no sense - Cognito is not accessing the S3 resource. It just returns the JWT token that will be attached to the S3 request.
D is the right answer, using custom attributes that are added to the JWT and used to grant permissions in S3. See
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/using-attributes-for-access-control-policy-example.html for an example.
upvoted 2 times
asoli 2 years, 2 months ago
A says "Identity Pool"
According to AWS: "With an identity pool, your users can obtain temporary AWS credentials to access AWS services, such as Amazon S3 and
DynamoDB."
So, answer is A
upvoted 4 times
Abhineet9148232 2 years, 3 months ago
But even D requires setting up the permissions as bucket policy (as show in the shared example) which includes higher overhead than managing
permissions attached to specific roles.
upvoted 3 times
Steve_4542636 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Services access other services via IAM Roles.
upvoted 2 times
jennyka76 2 years, 3 months ago
ANSWER - A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/tutorial-create-identity-pool.html
You have to create an custom role such as read-only
upvoted 5 times
zTopic 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer is A
upvoted 3 times