A company’s application is having performance issues. The application is stateful and needs to complete in-memory tasks on
Amazon EC2 instances. The company used AWS CloudFormation to deploy infrastructure and used the M5 EC2 instance family. As
traffic increased, the application performance degraded. Users are reporting delays when the users attempt to access the
application.
Which solution will resolve these issues in the MOST operationally efficient way?
A. Replace the EC2 instances with T3 EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group. Make the changes by using the AWS
Management Console.
B. Modify the CloudFormation templates to run the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. Increase the desired capacity and
the maximum capacity of the Auto Scaling group manually when an increase is necessary.
C. Modify the CloudFormation templates. Replace the EC2 instances with R5 EC2 instances. Use Amazon CloudWatch built-in
EC2 memory metrics to track the application performance for future capacity planning.
D. Modify the CloudFormation templates. Replace the EC2 instances with R5 EC2 instances. Deploy the Amazon CloudWatch
agent on the EC2 instances to generate custom application latency metrics for future capacity planning. Most Voted
Comments
Parsons Highly Voted 3 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D is the correct answer.
"in-memory tasks" => need the "R" EC2 instance type to archive memory optimization. So we are concerned about C & D.
Because EC2 instances don't have built-in memory metrics to CW by default. As a result, we have to install the CW agent to archive the purpose.
upvoted 39 times
Babba Highly Voted 3 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
It's D, EC2 do not provide by default memory metrics to CloudWatch and require the CloudWatch Agent to be installed on the monitored instances :
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/cloudwatch-memory-metrics-ec2/
upvoted 14 times
surajkrishnamurthy Most Recent 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Answer is most likely "D" because of the following ...
- T3 EC2 instances > low cost burstable general purpose instance type that provide a baseline level of CPU performance with the ability to burst CPU
usage
- M5 EC2 instance > M5 instances offer a balance of compute, memory, and networking resources for a broad range of workload.
- R5 EC2 instances > Amazon EC2 R5 instances are the next generation of memory optimized instances for the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud. R5
instances are well suited for memory intensive applications such as high-performance databases etc
M5 EC2 instance is already in use & having performance issues so there is no point in provisioning a lower cost , general purpose instance type like
T3 EC2.
So as per the given Answer option choice the best one is Answer D
upvoted 1 times
jatric 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (94%)
4%
how future capacity planning and just do verticall scalling will improve the performance. Question doesn't specify if these EC2 are behind auto
scalling so it means they are not. out of all A seems more close to the solution
upvoted 3 times
a7md0 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B will reduce operational overhead and better solution than keep changing the family. Also, I don't think the exam will require you to remember
instance families like M5 and R5
upvoted 2 times
lofzee 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
D .....
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
R5 instances are better optimized for the in-memory workload than M5.
Auto Scaling alone doesn't handle stateful applications well, manual capacity adjustments would still be needed.
Custom latency metrics give better visibility than built-in metrics for capacity planning.
upvoted 7 times
cookieMr 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
By replacing the M5 instances with R5 instances, which are optimized for memory-intensive workloads, the application can benefit from increased
memory capacity and performance.
In addition, deploying the CloudWatch agent on the EC2 instances allows for the generation of custom application latency metrics, which can provide
valuable insights into the application's performance.
This solution addresses the performance issues efficiently by leveraging the appropriate instance types and collecting custom application metrics for
better monitoring and future capacity planning.
A. Replacing with T3 instances may not provide enough memory capacity for in-memory tasks.
B. Manually increasing the capacity of the ASG does not directly address the performance issues.
C. Relying solely on built-in EC2 memory metrics may not provide enough granularity for optimizing in-memory tasks.
The most efficient solution is to modify the CloudFormation templates, replace with R5 instances, and deploy the CloudWatch agent for custom
metrics.
upvoted 6 times
Bmarodi 3 years ago
Selected Answer: D
Option D is the correct answer.
upvoted 2 times
BABU97 3 years, 2 months ago
will go for C
upvoted 1 times
Aninina 3 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Would go with D
upvoted 2 times
mhmt4438 3 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
ı think D
upvoted 2 times