A media company uses Amazon CloudFront for its publicly available streaming video content. The company wants to secure the
video content that is hosted in Amazon S3 by controlling who has access. Some of the company’s users are using a custom HTTP
client that does not support cookies. Some of the company’s users are unable to change the hardcoded URLs that they are using
for access.
Which services or methods will meet these requirements with the LEAST impact to the users? (Choose two.)
A. Signed cookies Most Voted
B. Signed URLs Most Voted
C. AWS AppSync
D. JSON Web Token (JWT)
E. AWS Secrets Manager
Comments
leoattf Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
I thought that option A was totally wrong, because the question mentions "HTTP client does not support cookies". However it is right, along with
option B. Check the link bellow, first paragraph.
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/media/secure-content-using-cloudfront-functions/
upvoted 31 times
bujuman 1 year, 9 months ago
Plus, Customers can choose to use either one or both, depending on the use case.
Thanks for this share !
upvoted 4 times
Steve_4542636 2 years, 9 months ago
Thanks for this! What a tricky question. If the client doesn't support cookies, THEN they use the signed S3 Urls.
upvoted 13 times
AAAWrekng 2 years, 1 month ago
LOL, like the old question, in my hand I have 2 coins, and they equal 15 cents, one of them is not a nickel. What are the coins
upvoted 7 times
johnmcclane78 Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
B. Signed URLs - This method allows the media company to control who can access the video content by creating a time-limited URL with a
cryptographic signature. This URL can be distributed to the users who are unable to change the hardcoded URLs they are using for access, and they
can access the content without needing to support cookies.
D. JSON Web Token (JWT) - This method allows the media company to control who can access the video content by creating a secure token that
contains user authentication and authorization information. This token can be distributed to the users who are using a custom HTTP client that does
not support cookies. The users can include this token in their requests to access the content without needing to support cookies.
Therefore, options B and D are the correct answers.
Option A (Signed cookies) would not work for users who are using a custom HTTP client that does not support cookies. Option C (AWS AppSync) is
not relevant to the requirement of securing video content. Option E (AWS Secrets Manager) is a service used for storing and retrieving secrets, which
is not relevant to the requirement of securing video content.
upvoted 23 times
Correct Answer: AB
Community vote distribution
AB (89%)
9%
ONS_KH 2 years, 1 month ago
This is the response of chatgpt isnt it ? Pay attention ! it doesn't always give the right answer
upvoted 5 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
So you want to 'distribute the signed URL to the users who are unable to change the hardcoded URL'?
upvoted 2 times
JeffreyOomen Most Recent 12 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
A: AWS Signed Cookie: A temporary access token stored in the browser that allows access to multiple protected files (like a whole video library)
without changing the URLs. This can be used for the clients that can't change their hardcoded URL.
B: AWS Signed URL: A temporary, secure link to access a specific file (like a video) on CloudFront or S3. Only users with this special URL can access
the content. This can be used for the clients that have. custom clients which don't support cookies.
Using both methods, both type of clients will experience no impact.
upvoted 1 times
Dantecito 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
Signed cookies, signed URLs, and JSON web token (JWT) are Amazon Cloudfront authentication methods. But as the question says with the least
possible impact for users, I would go with AB since D requires using Lambda@Edge and I suppose it has more impact to the users than the first two.
upvoted 1 times
Uzbekistan 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
B. Signed URLs: Signed URLs allow you to control access to your content in CloudFront by providing URLs that are valid only for a specified duration.
This means users can access the content using the same URLs they have hardcoded, without the need for cookies or special client support.
D. JSON Web Token (JWT): JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) can be used to control access to resources by embedding authentication and authorization
information in the token itself. Users can include the JWT in the request headers, allowing access to be controlled without relying on cookies. This
approach doesn't require changes to hardcoded URLs and can be integrated into custom HTTP clients.
upvoted 1 times
lostmagnet001 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
a little tricky but you have to "control" access, ok dont support cookies, so put signed cookies.
upvoted 2 times
ray320x 1 year, 10 months ago
so how many marks do you get if you get 1 wrong
upvoted 5 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
If you have gotten this far and got THIS trick question right then you are going to make it! Good Luck!
upvoted 6 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
'SOME are using a client that does not support cookies' -> use signed URLs
'SOME are unable to change the hardcoded URLs' -> used signed cookies
upvoted 16 times
ale_brd_111 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
Signed URLs and signed cookies are the most suitable options. They can effectively address the requirements of both users with custom HTTP clients
and those with hardcoded URLs.
upvoted 2 times
prabhjot 2 years, 2 months ago
B & E - B. Signed URLs: This allows you to generate time-limited URLs with a signature that grants temporary access to specific resources in your S3
bucket. It doesn't rely on cookies and can be generated for users without requiring any changes to their HTTP client or hardcoded URLs. This method
provides fine-grained control over access to your content.
E. AWS Secrets Manager: While AWS Secrets Manager can be useful for managing and rotating secrets, it is not directly related to securing S3
content in the context of the question. It's not one of the primary methods for securing access to S3 objects.
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
To secure streaming video content from Amazon CloudFront, two methods are available: signed cookies or signed URLs. Customers can choose to
use either one or both, depending on the use case.
upvoted 4 times
tabbyDolly 2 years, 2 months ago
AB - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/PrivateContent.html
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
B and D are the correct options for meeting the requirements with the least impact to users.
Signed URLs allow access to individual objects in Amazon S3 for a specified time period without requiring cookies. This allows the custom HTTP clien
users to access content.
JSON Web Tokens (JWT) allow users to get temporary access tokens that can be passed in requests. This allows users with hardcoded URLs to access
content without updating URLs.
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
No good
Signed cookies require client support and may impact users.
AWS AppSync and Secrets Manager do not help address the specific access requirements.
Good
So Signed URLs and JWTs allow securing access to S3 content with minimal impact to users, meeting the requirements.
upvoted 2 times
riccardoto 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
I understand why many users here are voting AB, but in my opinion BD is more correct.
Using JWT or signed urls will work both for users that cannot use cookies or cannot change the url.
upvoted 2 times
katetel 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: AB
it's correct
upvoted 2 times
MrAWSAssociate 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: CE
These are the right answers!
upvoted 2 times