An ecommerce company is experiencing an increase in user traffic. The company’s store is deployed on Amazon EC2 instances as
a two-tier web application consisting of a web tier and a separate database tier. As traffic increases, the company notices that the
architecture is causing significant delays in sending timely marketing and order confirmation email to users. The company wants
to reduce the time it spends resolving complex email delivery issues and minimize operational overhead.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Create a separate application tier using EC2 instances dedicated to email processing.
B. Configure the web instance to send email through Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES). Most Voted
C. Configure the web instance to send email through Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).
D. Create a separate application tier using EC2 instances dedicated to email processing. Place the instances in an Auto Scaling
group.
Comments
elearningtakai Highly Voted 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Amazon SES is a cost-effective and scalable email service that enables businesses to send and receive email using their own email addresses and
domains. Configuring the web instance to send email through Amazon SES is a simple and effective solution that can reduce the time spent resolving
complex email delivery issues and minimize operational overhead.
upvoted 11 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy Highly Voted 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The best option for addressing the company's needs of minimizing operational overhead and reducing time spent resolving email delivery issues is
to use Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES).
Answer A of creating a separate application tier for email processing may add additional complexity to the architecture and require more operationa
overhead.
Answer C of using Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) is not an appropriate solution for sending marketing and order confirmation
emails since Amazon SNS is a messaging service that is designed to send messages to subscribed endpoints or clients.
Answer D of creating a separate application tier using EC2 instances dedicated to email processing placed in an Auto Scaling group is a more
complex solution than necessary and may result in additional operational overhead.
upvoted 6 times
waldirlsantos Most Recent 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B meet these requirements
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) lets you reach customers confidently without an on-premises Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) emai
server using the Amazon SES API or SMTP interface.
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
B. Configure the web instance to send email through Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)
upvoted 2 times
nileshlg 2 years, 8 months ago
Answer is B
upvoted 2 times
Ruhi02 2 years, 9 months ago
Answer B.. SES is meant for sending high volume e-mail efficiently and securely.
SNS is meant as a channel publisher/subscriber service
upvoted 5 times