A company uses AWS Organizations with all features enabled and runs multiple Amazon EC2 workloads in the ap-southeast-2
Region. The company has a service control policy (SCP) that prevents any resources from being created in any other Region. A
security policy requires the company to encrypt all data at rest.
An audit discovers that employees have created Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes for EC2 instances without
encrypting the volumes. The company wants any new EC2 instances that any IAM user or root user launches in ap-southeast-2 to
use encrypted EBS volumes. The company wants a solution that will have minimal effect on employees who create EBS volumes.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. In the Amazon EC2 console, select the EBS encryption account attribute and define a default encryption key.
B. Create an IAM permission boundary. Attach the permission boundary to the root organizational unit (OU). Define the
boundary to deny the ec2:CreateVolume action when the ec2:Encrypted condition equals false.
C. Create an SCP. Attach the SCP to the root organizational unit (OU). Define the SCP to deny the ec2:CreateVolume action
whenthe ec2:Encrypted condition equals false. Most Voted
D. Update the IAM policies for each account to deny the ec2:CreateVolume action when the ec2:Encrypted condition equals
false.
E. In the Organizations management account, specify the Default EBS volume encryption setting. Most Voted
Comments
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: CE
The correct answer is (C) and (E).
Option (C): Creating an SCP and attaching it to the root organizational unit (OU) will deny the ec2:CreateVolume action when the ec2:Encrypted
condition equals false. This means that any IAM user or root user in any account in the organization will not be able to create an EBS volume without
encrypting it.
Option (E): Specifying the Default EBS volume encryption setting in the Organizations management account will ensure that all new EBS volumes
created in any account in the organization are encrypted by default.
upvoted 12 times
Axaus Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: CE
CE
Prevent future issues by creating a SCP and set a default encryption.
upvoted 10 times
network_enthusiast Most Recent 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: AC
Answer will be A&C.
AWS does not currently provide a direct setting at the organization level to enforce default EBS encryption across all member accounts in AWS
Organizations. However, you can achieve this goal by implementing default encryption at the account level and enforcing compliance using an SCP
(Service Control Policy).
upvoted 2 times
Andreew883 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: CE
Correct Answer: CE
Community vote distribution
CE (71%)
AC (16%)
12%
C and E as shaded by guru4cloud
upvoted 1 times
Jazz888 1 year, 6 months ago
The problem here is we don't know in which account the workload is on. The account in ap-xx-is that the management account or it's a member
account?? That will decide to select either A or E. C is certainly correct
upvoted 2 times
NSA_Poker 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: CE
(A) is incorrect bc absent of SCP or the Organizations management account, the scope of the EC2 console is too narrow to be applied to 'any IAM
user or root user'.
upvoted 2 times
venutadi 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
https://repost.aws/knowledge-center/ebs-automatic-encryption
Newly created Amazon EBS volumes aren't encrypted by default. However, you can turn on default encryption for new EBS volumes and snapshot
copies that are created within a specified Region. To turn on encryption by default, use the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) console.
upvoted 2 times
1rob 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
A: will enforce automatic encryption in a account. This will have no effect on employees. Do this in every account.
B: permission boundary is not appropriate here.
C: an SCP will force employees to create encrypted volumes in every account.
D: This would work but is too much maintenance.
E: Setting EBS volume encryption in the Organizations management account will only have impact on volumes in that account, not on other
accounts.
upvoted 4 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: AE
The solution should "have minimal effect on employees who create EBS volumes". Thus new volumes should automatically be encrypted. Options B,
C and D do NOT automatically encrypt volumes, they simply cause requests to create non-encrypted volumes to fail.
upvoted 3 times
dkw2342 1 year, 9 months ago
IMO the correct solution is AC:
In the Amazon EC2 console, select the EBS encryption account attribute and define a default encryption key.
-> This has to be done in every AWS account separately.
Create an SCP. Attach the SCP to the root organizational unit (OU). Define the SCP to deny the ec2:CreateVolume action whenthe ec2:Encrypted
condition equals false.
-> This will just act as a safeguard in case an admin would disable default encryption in the member account, so it should not have any effect on
employees who create EBS volumes.
I think an updated question would offer options A and an updated C:
Create an SCP. Attach the SCP to the root organizational unit (OU). Define the SCP to deny the ec2:DisableEbsEncryptionByDefault action.
-> This will prevent disabling default encryption once is has been enabled.
upvoted 2 times
Valder21 2 years, 3 months ago
Wondering if just C would be sufficient?
upvoted 1 times
bjexamprep 2 years, 3 months ago
Seems many people selected E as part of the correct answer. But I didn't find so called Organization level EBS default setting in my Organization
management account. I tried setting default EBS encryption setting in my Organization management account, and it didn't apply to the member
account. If E cannot guarantee default encryption in all other account, E has no advantage over A. Anyone can explain why E is better than A?
upvoted 4 times
novelai_me 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: AE
Option A: By default, EBS encryption is not enabled for EC2 instances. However, you can set an EBS encryption by default in your AWS account in the
Amazon EC2 console. This ensures that every new EBS volume that is created is encrypted.
Option E: With AWS Organizations, you can centrally set the default EBS encryption for your organization's accounts. This helps in enforcing a
consistent encryption policy across your organization.
Option B, C and D are not correct because while you can use IAM policies or SCPs to restrict the creation of unencrypted EBS volumes, this could
potentially impact employees' ability to create necessary resources if not properly configured. They might require additional permissions
management, which is not mentioned in the requirements. By setting the EBS encryption by default at the account or organization level (Options A
and E), you can ensure all new volumes are encrypted without affecting the ability of employees to create resources.
upvoted 3 times
Buruguduystunstugudunstuy 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: CE
SCPs are a great way to enforce policies across an entire AWS Organization, preventing users from creating resources that do not comply with the se
policies.
In AWS Management Console, one can go to EC2 dashboard -> Settings -> Data encryption -> Check "Always encrypt new EBS volumes" and
choose a default KMS key. This ensures that every new EBS volume created will be encrypted by default, regardless of how it is created.
upvoted 3 times
PRASAD180 2 years, 6 months ago
1000% CE crt
upvoted 1 times
hiroohiroo 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: CE
CとEが正しいと考える。
upvoted 3 times
Efren 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: CE
CE for me as well
upvoted 2 times
nosense 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: CE
SCP that denies the ec2:CreateVolume action when the ec2:Encrypted condition equals false. This will prevent users and service accounts in member
accounts from creating unencrypted EBS volumes in the ap-southeast-2 Region.
upvoted 2 times
Efren 2 years, 6 months ago
agreed
upvoted 1 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
Wouldn't this have "effect on employees who create EBS volumes", which we are asked to minimize?
upvoted 1 times