A company has 700 TB of backup data stored in network attached storage (NAS) in its data center. This backup data need to be
accessible for infrequent regulatory requests and must be retained 7 years. The company has decided to migrate this backup data
from its data center to AWS. The migration must be complete within 1 month. The company has 500 Mbps of dedicated
bandwidth on its public internet connection available for data transfer.
What should a solutions architect do to migrate and store the data at the LOWEST cost?
A. Order AWS Snowball devices to transfer the data. Use a lifecycle policy to transition the files to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep
Archive. Most Voted
B. Deploy a VPN connection between the data center and Amazon VPC. Use the AWS CLI to copy the data from on premises to
Amazon S3 Glacier.
C. Provision a 500 Mbps AWS Direct Connect connection and transfer the data to Amazon S3. Use a lifecycle policy to
transition the files to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
D. Use AWS DataSync to transfer the data and deploy a DataSync agent on premises. Use the DataSync task to copy files from
the on-premises NAS storage to Amazon S3 Glacier.
Comments
voccer Highly Voted 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
hundreds of Terabytes => always use Snowball
upvoted 14 times
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Terabytes, low costs, limited time = AWS snowball devices
upvoted 10 times
sjb009 Most Recent 1 year, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
70TB = AWS Snowball
upvoted 1 times
Rcosmos 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Resumo:
A Opção B é a solução mais eficiente, pois:
Garante a criptografia automática de todos os objetos futuros com configurações de criptografia padrão no bucket.
Usa o Inventário do S3 e trabalhos de operações em lote para criptografar objetos existentes sem esforço manual significativo ou movimentação de
dados desnecessária.
upvoted 1 times
awsgeek75 2 years, 5 months ago
It took me quite some time to do the mental math for realising that the data can't be transferred in 30 days. Also, note the MBps (Megabits) and not
Megabytes. 500Mbps is like 60MBps. That's a lame connection to transfer anything!
upvoted 7 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (98%)
2%
lofzee 2 years ago
well.. standard internet connections are measured in Mbps and 500 Mbps is pretty decent to be fair (by english standards).
even still at that speed it would take you about 4 months to upload 700 TB. So the only option here is to use snowball.
Answer is A
upvoted 3 times
pentium75 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
B and D would use existing 500 mbps Internet connection which cannot transfer more than ca. 160 TB in a month. C would cost a lot, take weeks to
deliver, and still not provide more bandwidth. Thus A is the simply the only option, thus also the one with "lowest cost".
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. Order AWS Snowball devices to transfer the data. Use a lifecycle policy to transition the files to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
upvoted 2 times
gosai90786 2 years, 11 months ago
one DataSync agent can use 10GBps and can setup a bandwidth.
So total time = (700X1000)GB/10GBps = 70000 sec = 19.4 days.
Using Multiple Snowball devices will involve ordering them from AWS, setting them up on your data-center for copy and then incurring the shipping
cost for too and fro movement to your AWS cloud.
if time constraint was critical , say 1 week then snowball would have been a viable option. But here we have 30 days, so DataSync will be less
costly(takes `19days)
upvoted 2 times
slackbot 2 years, 9 months ago
your math is wrong mate, and they have 0.5Gbps connection, not 10GBps
500Mpbs = roughly 60MBps
30x24x3600x0.06TB = roughly 155TB
this is way short of 700TB
upvoted 7 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
From Google search: "do I need to pay to ship back aws snow devices back to AWS?"
No, you don't need to pay to ship back an AWS Snowball Edge device to AWS. The device comes with a prepaid UPS shipping label on the E Ink
display that contains the correct address for return. You can arrange for UPS to pick up the device or drop it off at a UPS package drop-off facility.
upvoted 1 times
cookieMr 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
By ordering Snowball devices, the company can transfer the 700 TB of backup data from its data center to AWS. Once the data is transferred to S3, a
lifecycle policy can be applied to automatically transition the files from the S3 Standard storage class to the cost-effective Amazon S3 Glacier Deep
Archive storage class.
Option B would require continuous data transfer over the public internet, which could be time-consuming and costly given the large amount of data
It may also require significant bandwidth allocation.
Option C would involve additional costs for provisioning and maintaining the dedicated connection, which may not be necessary for a one-time data
migration.
Option D could be a viable option, but it may incur additional costs for deploying and managing the DataSync agent.
Therefore, option A is the recommended choice as it provides a secure and efficient data transfer method using Snowball devices and allows for cost
optimization through lifecycle policies by transitioning the data to S3 Glacier Deep Archive for long-term storage.
upvoted 4 times
arjundevops 3 years, 1 month ago
A is the correct answer.
even though they have 500mbps internetspeed, it will take around 130days to transfer the data from on premises to AWS
so they have only 1 option which is Snowball devices
upvoted 3 times
Paras043 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is the correct one
upvoted 2 times
CapJackSparrow 3 years, 2 months ago
Q: What is AWS Snowball Edge?
AWS Snowball Edge is an edge computing and data transfer device provided by the AWS Snowball service. It has on-board storage and compute
power that provides select AWS services for use in edge locations. Snowball Edge comes in two options, Storage Optimized and Compute Optimized
to support local data processing and collection in disconnected environments such as ships, windmills, and remote factories. Learn more about its
features here.
Q: What happened with the original 50 TB and 80 TB AWS Snowball devices?
The original Snowball devices were transitioned out of service and Snowball Edge Storage Optimized are now the primary devices used for data
transfer.
Q: Can I still order the original Snowball 50 TB and 80 TB devices?
No. For data transfer needs now, please select the Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices.
upvoted 2 times
vherman 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Snowball
upvoted 1 times
KZM 3 years, 3 months ago
9 Snowball devices are needed to migrate the 700TB of data.
upvoted 3 times
KZM 3 years, 3 months ago
700TB of Data can not be transferred through a 500Mbps link within one month.
Total data that can be transferred in one month = bandwidth x time
= (500 Mbps / 8 bits per byte) x (30 days x 24 hours x 3600 seconds per hour)
= 648,000 GB or 648 TB
This is calculated theoretically with the maximum available situation. Due to a number of factors, the actual total transferred Data may be less than
645 TB.
upvoted 4 times
mandragon 3 years, 1 month ago
Good thinking. Agree with the solution. Only the calculation is wrong. It should give 162tb as a result
upvoted 5 times
Rudraman 3 years, 4 months ago
Snow ball Devices the answe is AAAAA.
upvoted 3 times
wmp7039 3 years, 4 months ago
A is incorrect as DC is an expensive option. Correct answer should be C as the company already has 500Mbps that can be used for data transfer. By
consuming all the available internet bandwidth, data transfer will complete in 3 hours 6 mins - https://www.omnicalculator.com/other/data-transfer
upvoted 1 times
wmp7039 3 years, 4 months ago
Ignore please, miscalculated time to transfer, it will take 129 days and will breach the 1 month requirement. A is correct.
upvoted 6 times
kbaruu 3 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is correct
upvoted 2 times