A company runs a web application that is backed by Amazon RDS. A new database administrator caused data loss by accidentally
editing information in a database table. To help recover from this type of incident, the company wants the ability to restore the
database to its state from 5 minutes before any change within the last 30 days.
Which feature should the solutions architect include in the design to meet this requirement?
A. Read replicas
B. Manual snapshots
C. Automated backups Most Voted
D. Multi-AZ deployments
Comments
Uzbekistan Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon RDS provides automated backups, which can be configured to take regular snapshots of the database instance. By enabling automated
backups and setting the retention period to 30 days, the company can ensure that it retains backups for up to 30 days. Additionally, Amazon RDS
allows for point-in-time recovery within the retention period, enabling the restoration of the database to its state from any point within the last 30
days, including 5 minutes before any change. This feature provides the required capability to recover from accidental data loss incidents.
upvoted 5 times
Guru4Cloud Most Recent 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Automated backups allow you to recover your database to any point in time within your specified retention period, which can be up to 35 days. The
recovery process creates a new Amazon RDS instance with a new endpoint, and the process takes time proportional to the size of the database.
Automated backups are enabled by default and occur daily during the backup window. This feature provides an easy and convenient way to recover
from data loss incidents such as the one described in the scenario.
upvoted 4 times
elearningtakai 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Option C, Automated backups, will meet the requirement. Amazon RDS allows you to automatically create backups of your DB instance. Automated
backups enable point-in-time recovery (PITR) for your DB instance down to a specific second within the retention period, which can be up to 35 days
By setting the retention period to 30 days, the company can restore the database to its state from up to 5 minutes before any change within the last
30 days.
upvoted 4 times
joechen2023 2 years, 5 months ago
I selected C as well, but still don't know how the automatic backup could have a copy 5 minutes before any change. AWS doc states "Automated
backups occur daily during the preferred backup window. "
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_WorkingWithAutomatedBackups.html.
I think the answer maybe A, as read replica will be kept sync and then restore from the read replica. could an expert help?
upvoted 2 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
"the company wants the ability to restore the database to its state from 5 minutes before any change"
The automatic backup takes a backup every 5 minutes. This means it can restore the database to 5 minutes in the past.
upvoted 2 times
TheFivePips 1 year, 9 months ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
Automated backups enable point-in-time recovery (PITR) for your DB instance down to a specific second within the retention period, which can be
up to 35 days
upvoted 2 times
gold4otas 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C: Automated Backups
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/features/backup/
upvoted 3 times
WherecanIstart 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Automated Backups...
upvoted 3 times