As part of budget planning, management wants a report of AWS billed items listed by user. The data will be used to create
department budgets. A solutions architect needs to determine the most efficient way to obtain this report information.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Run a query with Amazon Athena to generate the report.
B. Create a report in Cost Explorer and download the report. Most Voted
C. Access the bill details from the billing dashboard and download the bill.
D. Modify a cost budget in AWS Budgets to alert with Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES).
Comments
DagsH Highly Voted 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Cost Explorer looks at the usage pattern or history
upvoted 9 times
Guru4Cloud Highly Voted 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
­ ° Cost Explorer is a AWS service that allows you to view, analyze, and manage your AWS costs and usage. It provides a variety of reports that you can
use to track your costs, including a report of AWS billed items listed by user.
° Creating a report in Cost Explorer is a quick and easy way to get the information you need. You can customize the report to include the specific
data you want, and you can download the report in a variety of formats, including CSV, Excel, and PDF.
upvoted 7 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 9 months ago
This is trick question -
You need to know the differences between the billing services.
upvoted 2 times
JA2018 Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
To save a Cost Explorer report
Open the AWS Cost Management console at https://console.aws.amazon.com/cost-management/home.
In the navigation pane, choose Cost Explorer Saved Reports.
Choose Create new report. This resets all of your Cost Explorer settings to your default settings.
Select a report type.
Choose Create report.
Customize your Cost Explorer settings.
Choose Save to report library.
In the Save to report library dialog box, enter a name for your report, and then choose Save report.
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
from https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cost-management/latest/userguide/ce-custom-reports.html
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
upvoted 1 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Create a report in Cost Explorer and download the report
upvoted 3 times
WherecanIstart 3 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Cost Explorer
upvoted 2 times
pcops 3 years, 3 months ago
Answer is B
upvoted 3 times
fulingyu288 3 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer is B
upvoted 4 times
rrharris 3 years, 3 months ago
Answer is B
upvoted 3 times