A serverless application uses Amazon API Gateway, AWS Lambda, and Amazon DynamoDB. The Lambda function needs
permissions to read and write to the DynamoDB table.
Which solution will give the Lambda function access to the DynamoDB table MOST securely?
A. Create an IAM user with programmatic access to the Lambda function. Attach a policy to the user that allows read and write
access to the DynamoDB table. Store the access_key_id and secret_access_key parameters as part of the Lambda environment
variables. Ensure that other AWS users do not have read and write access to the Lambda function configuration.
B. Create an IAM role that includes Lambda as a trusted service. Attach a policy to the role that allows read and write access to
the DynamoDB table. Update the configuration of the Lambda function to use the new role as the execution role. Most Voted
C. Create an IAM user with programmatic access to the Lambda function. Attach a policy to the user that allows read and write
access to the DynamoDB table. Store the access_key_id and secret_access_key parameters in AWS Systems Manager Parameter
Store as secure string parameters. Update the Lambda function code to retrieve the secure string parameters before
connecting to the DynamoDB table.
D. Create an IAM role that includes DynamoDB as a trusted service. Attach a policy to the role that allows read and write access
from the Lambda function. Update the code of the Lambda function to attach to the new role as an execution role.
Comments
awsgeek75 Highly Voted 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
DynamoDB needs to trust Lambda. NOT the other way around. So Lambda must be configured as a trusted service. Role for service which gives B and
D options. D is setting up (somehow?) to allow Lambda to trust DynamoDB... or the wording makes no sense.
upvoted 8 times
james2033 Highly Voted 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Keyword B. " IAM role that includes Lambda as a trusted service", not "IAM role that includes DynamoDB as a trusted service" in D. It is IAM role, not
IAM user.
upvoted 6 times
KennethNg923 Most Recent 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: B
IAM Role for access to DynamoDB, not for access Lambda
upvoted 2 times
antropaws 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
B sounds better.
upvoted 3 times
omoakin 3 years ago
BBBBBBBBBB
upvoted 2 times
alvinnguyennexcel 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
vote B
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
upvoted 2 times
cloudenthusiast 3 years ago
B
Option B suggests creating an IAM role that includes Lambda as a trusted service, meaning the role is specifically designed for Lambda functions. Th
role should have a policy attached to it that grants the required read and write access to the DynamoDB table.
upvoted 4 times
nosense 3 years ago
Selected Answer: B
B is right
Role key word and trusted service lambda
upvoted 5 times