A company has a three-tier application for image sharing. The application uses an Amazon EC2 instance for the front-end layer,
another EC2 instance for the application layer, and a third EC2 instance for a MySQL database. A solutions architect must design a
scalable and highly available solution that requires the least amount of change to the application.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Use Amazon S3 to host the front-end layer. Use AWS Lambda functions for the application layer. Move the database to an
Amazon DynamoDB table. Use Amazon S3 to store and serve users’ images.
B. Use load-balanced Multi-AZ AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments for the front-end layer and the application layer. Move the
database to an Amazon RDS DB instance with multiple read replicas to serve users’ images.
C. Use Amazon S3 to host the front-end layer. Use a fleet of EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group for the application layer.
Move the database to a memory optimized instance type to store and serve users’ images.
D. Use load-balanced Multi-AZ AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments for the front-end layer and the application layer. Move the
database to an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance. Use Amazon S3 to store and serve users’ images. Most Voted
Comments
PDR Highly Voted 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B and D very similar with D being the 'best' solution but it is not the one that requires the least amount of development changes as the application
would need to be changed to store images in S3 instead of DB
upvoted 15 times
pentium75 1 year, 11 months ago
B is wrong because single "RDS DB instance" is not HA.
No one says that the images are currently stored in S3. Also the requirement is "least amount of change [not "no change"] to the application".
upvoted 10 times
Aninina Highly Voted 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
for "Highly available": Multi-AZ &
for "least amount of changes to the application": Elastic Beanstalk automatically
handles the deployment, from capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling to
application health monitoring
upvoted 13 times
SirDNS Most Recent 1 year, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
When we are talking about sharing static content and options have S3 why would I select any other option.
upvoted 1 times
satyaammm 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D is the most suitable option here.
upvoted 1 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 11 months ago
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (75%)
B (23%)
2%
Selected Answer: D
A: Requires changing EC2 application to Lambda. Seems like a big change
B: RDS DB is not best option for serve images and also single instance isn't HA
C: Memory optimised instance is not HA
D: Multi-AZ EBS is lift and shift for EC2 front-end and app later. RDS Multi AZ is HA. S3 for static images is best performance/scalability/availability.
upvoted 4 times
ansagr 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
Using Amazon RDS for serving images might not be the optimal solution, as RDS is more suitable for storing structured data in a relational database
rather than BLOBs like images. Storing and serving images can be more efficiently handled by object storage services like Amazon S3.
upvoted 2 times
Ruffyit 2 years ago
Use load-balanced Multi-AZ AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments for the front-end layer and the application layer. Move the database to an Amazon
RDS Multi-AZ DB instance. Use Amazon S3 to store and serve users’ images
upvoted 2 times
rlamberti 2 years, 1 month ago
Option B - DB is not a good option to store images. Read replicas won't improve HA for write, only scalates reading IO. Therefore no true HA
achieved.
D is the goal for me.
upvoted 2 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Use load-balanced Multi-AZ AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments for the front-end layer and the application layer. Move the database to an Amazon
RDS Multi-AZ DB instance. Use Amazon S3 to store and serve users’ images
upvoted 3 times
Guru4Cloud 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Use Elastic Beanstalk load-balanced environments for the web and app tiers. This provides auto scaling and high availability with minimal effort.
Move the database to RDS Multi-AZ. This handles scaling reads and storage, and provides HA with automated failover.
Use S3 for serving user images. S3 is highly scalable and durable storage.
The application code remains unchanged using this approach.
upvoted 4 times
Mia2009687 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AWS Elastic Beanstalk makes it even easier for developers to quickly deploy and manage applications in the AWS Cloud. Developers simply upload
their application, and Elastic Beanstalk automatically handles the deployment details of capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling, and
application health monitoring.
I don't quite understand why people choose D.
upvoted 1 times
cookieMr 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
By using load-balanced Multi-AZ AWS EBS, you achieve scalability and high availability for both layers without requiring significant changes to the
application. Moving the DB to an RDS Multi-AZ DB ensures high availability and automatic failover. Storing and serving users' images through S3
provides a scalable and highly available solution.
A is incorrect because using S3 for the front-end layer and Lambda for the application layer would require significant changes to the application
architecture. Moving the DB to DynamoDB would require rewriting the DB-related code.
B is incorrect because using load-balanced Multi-AZ AWS EBS environments and an RDS DB with read replicas for serving images would be a more
suitable solution. RDS with read replicas can handle the image-serving workload more efficiently than using S3 for this purpose.
C is incorrect because using S3 for the front-end layer and an ASG of EC2 for the application layer would require modifying the application
architecture. Storing and serving images from a memory-optimized EC2 type may not be the most efficient and scalable approach compared to using
S3.
upvoted 5 times
markw92 2 years, 5 months ago
"least amount of change to the application." - A has lots of changes, completely revamping the application and lots of new pieces. D is closest with
only addition of s3 to store images which is right move. You do not want images to store in any database anyway.
upvoted 4 times
aaroncelestin 2 years, 3 months ago
Thats what I was thinking, but the question doesn't mention anything about storing users' images anywhere. Are we supposed to just assume that
they wanted to store the images in a DB even though that is a bad idea?
upvoted 2 times
Bmarodi 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Option D meets the requirements.
upvoted 2 times
Grace83 2 years, 8 months ago
D is correct
upvoted 3 times
focus_23 2 years, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: D
RDS multi AZ.
upvoted 3 times
wmp7039 2 years, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D is correct as application changes needs to me minimal
upvoted 3 times