A company has launched an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance. Most of the connections to the database come from serverless
applications. Application traffic to the database changes significantly at random intervals. At times of high demand, users report
that their applications experience database connection rejection errors.
Which solution will resolve this issue with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create a proxy in RDS Proxy. Configure the users’ applications to use the DB instance through RDS Proxy. Most Voted
B. Deploy Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached between the users’ applications and the DB instance.
C. Migrate the DB instance to a different instance class that has higher I/O capacity. Configure the users’ applications to use
the new DB instance.
D. Configure Multi-AZ for the DB instance. Configure the users’ applications to switch between the DB instances.
Comments
TariqKipkemei Highly Voted 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
database connection rejection errors = RDS Proxy
upvoted 7 times
ktulu2602 Highly Voted 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The correct solution for this scenario would be to create a proxy in RDS Proxy. RDS Proxy allows for managing thousands of concurrent database
connections, which can help reduce connection errors. RDS Proxy also provides features such as connection pooling, read/write splitting, and retries.
This solution requires the least operational overhead as it does not involve migrating to a different instance class or setting up a new cache layer.
Therefore, option A is the correct answer.
upvoted 5 times
Guru4Cloud Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
RDS Proxy provides a proxy layer that pools and shares database connections to improve scalability. This allows the proxy to handle connection
spikes to the database gracefully.
Using RDS Proxy requires minimal operational overhead - just create the proxy and reconfigure applications to use it. No code changes needed.
upvoted 4 times
antropaws 2 years ago
Wait, why not B?????
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 1 year, 9 months ago
ElastiCache (B) and larger instance type (C) help performance but don't resolve connection issues.
upvoted 4 times
live_reply_developers 1 year, 11 months ago
Amazon ElastiCache tends to have a lower operational overhead compared to Amazon RDS Proxy. BUT we already have " Amazon RDS for MySQL
DB instance"
upvoted 2 times
Guru4Cloud 1 year, 9 months ago
ElastiCache (B) and larger instance type (C) help performance but don't resolve connection issues.
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
upvoted 2 times
roxx529 2 years ago
To reduce application failures resulting from database connection timeouts, the best solution is to enable RDS Proxy on the RDS DB instances
upvoted 2 times
COTIT 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Many applications, including those built on modern serverless architectures, can have a large number of open connections to the database server
and may open and close database connections at a high rate, exhausting database memory and compute resources. Amazon RDS Proxy allows
applications to pool and share connections established with the database, improving database efficiency and application scalability.
(https://aws.amazon.com/pt/rds/proxy/)
upvoted 4 times