A company has implemented a self-managed DNS service on AWS. The solution consists of the following:
• Amazon EC2 instances in different AWS Regions
• Endpoints of a standard accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator
The company wants to protect the solution against DDoS attacks.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement?
A. Subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced. Add the accelerator as a resource to protect. Most Voted
B. Subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced. Add the EC2 instances as resources to protect.
C. Create an AWS WAF web ACL that includes a rate-based rule. Associate the web ACL with the accelerator.
D. Create an AWS WAF web ACL that includes a rate-based rule. Associate the web ACL with the EC2 instances.
Comments
WherecanIstart Highly Voted 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
DDoS attacks = AWS Shield Advance
Shield Advance protects Global Accelerator, NLB, ALB, etc
upvoted 14 times
pentium75 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Global Accelerator is what is exposed to the Internet = where DDoS attacks could land = what must be protected by Shield Advanced
upvoted 6 times
Guru4Cloud Most Recent 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: B
So, the correct option is:
B. Subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced. Add the EC2 instances as resources to protect.
Here's why this option is the most appropriate:
A. While you can add the accelerator as a resource to protect with AWS Shield Advanced, it's generally more effective to protect the individual
resources (in this case, the EC2 instances) because AWS Shield Advanced will automatically protect resources associated with Global Accelerator
upvoted 1 times
awsgeek75 1 year, 10 months ago
Which EC2 instance? Global Accelerator works by providing anycast IP addresses for the underlying resource (our EC2 in this case) so every end use
trying to reach the EC2 server HAS to go through the Global Accelerator which is why the Global Accelerator needs to be protected and not the
EC2.
upvoted 6 times
Abrar2022 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
DDoS attacks = AWS Shield Advance
resource as Global Acc
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (97%)
3%
upvoted 5 times
TariqKipkemei 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
DDoS attacks = AWS Shield Advanced
upvoted 3 times
nileshlg 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer is A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/ddos-event-mitigation-logic-gax.html
upvoted 2 times
ktulu2602 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AWS Shield is a managed service that provides protection against Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks for applications running on AWS. AWS
Shield Standard is automatically enabled to all AWS customers at no additional cost. AWS Shield Advanced is an optional paid service. AWS Shield
Advanced provides additional protections against more sophisticated and larger attacks for your applications running on Amazon Elastic Compute
Cloud (EC2), Elastic Load Balancing (ELB), Amazon CloudFront, AWS Global Accelerator, and Route 53.
upvoted 4 times
[Removed] 2 years, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
aaaaa
accelator can not be attached to shield
upvoted 2 times
ktulu2602 2 years, 9 months ago
Yes it can:
AWS Shield is a managed service that provides protection against Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks for applications running on AWS.
AWS Shield Standard is automatically enabled to all AWS customers at no additional cost. AWS Shield Advanced is an optional paid service. AWS
Shield Advanced provides additional protections against more sophisticated and larger attacks for your applications running on Amazon Elastic
Compute Cloud (EC2), Elastic Load Balancing (ELB), Amazon CloudFront, AWS Global Accelerator, and Route 53.
upvoted 2 times