Question #148
A company wants to modernize and convert a monolithic application into microservices. The company wants to move the
application to AWS.
Which migration strategy should the company use?
A. Rehost
B. Replatform
C. Repurchase
D. Refactor Most Voted
Comments
EssentialD Highly Voted 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
It should be D. Refactor:
Lift and shift—moving applications to the cloud as-is. This is also sometimes referred to as rehosting. Refactor—modifying applications to better
support the cloud environment.Replatform—moving applications to the cloud without major changes, but taking advantage of benefits of the cloud
environment.Rebuild—rewrite the application from scratch.Replace—retire the application and replace it with a new cloud-native application.
upvoted 12 times
asdfcdsxdfc Highly Voted 2 years, 7 months ago
is it D? can anyone confirm?
upvoted 5 times
Amin_013 Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D. Refactor (also called re-architect) is the migration strategy where an application is redesigned and modified to take full advantage of modern
cloud-native features, such as microservices architectures. In this approach, a monolithic application is broken down into smaller, loosely coupled
services (microservices) to improve scalability, flexibility, and maintainability.
Why Refactor is the Best Choice:
Breaking a monolithic application into microservices typically requires significant changes to the application's architecture and codebase.
Refactoring ensures the application leverages cloud-native features like containerization (using AWS services like Amazon ECS, Amazon EKS, or AWS
Fargate) and serverless components (e.g., AWS Lambda).
It aligns with the goal of modernization and preparing the application for long-term agility and scalability in the cloud.
upvoted 1 times
iv0j 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D - Refactor. You're changing the architecture of the application.
upvoted 2 times
Birthday_bun 1 year, 10 months ago
I think both C and D are correct
upvoted 1 times
siru2 2 years, 3 months ago
B. Replatform is correct option
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)

IT认证轻松过    淘宝: https://shop542998714.m.taobao.com    闲鱼: https://www.goofish.com/personal?userId=2645260430    微信: Examtopics
Ruffyit 2 years, 4 months ago
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/large-migration-guide/migration-strategies.html
upvoted 1 times
petercorn 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/large-migration-guide/migration-strategies.html
Refactor or re-architect is to convert a monolithic application into microservices.
upvoted 2 times

IT认证轻松过    淘宝: https://shop542998714.m.taobao.com    闲鱼: https://www.goofish.com/personal?userId=2645260430    微信: Examtopics
Topic 1
