Question #132
Which task is a responsibility of AWS, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?
A. Enable client-side encryption for objects that are stored in Amazon S3.
B. Configure IAM security policies to comply with the principle of least privilege.
C. Patch the guest operating system on an Amazon EC2 instance.
D. Apply updates to the Nitro Hypervisor. Most Voted
Comments
eaa3551 Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Given the options:
A. Enabling client-side encryption for objects that are stored in Amazon S3 is a customer responsibility. This involves managing encryption keys and
configuring encryption settings.
B. Configuring IAM (Identity and Access Management) security policies to comply with the principle of least privilege is a customer responsibility. It
involves managing access and permissions for AWS resources.
C. Patching the guest operating system on an Amazon EC2 instance is a customer responsibility. It involves maintaining the security of the operating
system running on the EC2 instance.
D. Applying updates to the Nitro Hypervisor is an AWS responsibility. The Nitro Hypervisor is a component of the underlying infrastructure managed
by AWS.
Therefore, the correct answer is:
D. Apply updates to the Nitro Hypervisor.
upvoted 5 times
Birthday_bun Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: D
100% D
upvoted 1 times
Ruffyit 2 years, 4 months ago
D. Applying updates to the Nitro Hypervisor is an AWS responsibility. The Nitro Hypervisor is a component of the underlying infrastructure managed
by AWS.
upvoted 3 times
petercorn 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A, B, and C related to data that should be responsible by the customer.
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)

IT认证轻松过    淘宝: https://shop542998714.m.taobao.com    闲鱼: https://www.goofish.com/personal?userId=2645260430    微信: Examtopics
isaphiltrick 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
"AWS responsibility “Security of the Cloud” - AWS is responsible for protecting the infrastructure that runs all of the services offered in the AWS
Cloud. This infrastructure is composed of the hardware, software, networking, and facilities that run AWS Cloud services."
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/
upvoted 3 times

IT认证轻松过    淘宝: https://shop542998714.m.taobao.com    闲鱼: https://www.goofish.com/personal?userId=2645260430    微信: Examtopics
Topic 1
