Question #183
Which actions are examples of a company’s effort to rightsize its AWS resources to control cloud costs? (Choose two.)
A. Switch from Amazon RDS to Amazon DynamoDB to accommodate NoSQL datasets.
B. Base the selection of Amazon EC2 instance types on past utilization patterns. Most Voted
C. Use Amazon S3 Lifecycle policies to move objects that users access infrequently to lower-cost storage tiers. Most Voted
D. Use Multi-AZ deployments for Amazon RDS.
E. Replace existing Amazon EC2 instances with AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
Comments
ShaiTay 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
B. Base the selection of Amazon EC2 instance types on past utilization patterns and C. Use Amazon S3 Lifecycle policies to move objects that users
access infrequently to lower-cost storage tiers.
upvoted 1 times
b274b54 2 years, 2 months ago
Why not E? Can someone please explain to make the discussion complete?
upvoted 1 times
d675329 2 years, 1 month ago
AWS Beanstalk is a PaaS and would in fact cost more to deploy an application than EC2 which is an IaaS.
upvoted 3 times
517d694 2 years, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
This one is hard. I think it could be A, B and C. if the current workload demands for NoSQL capabilities are better suited for DynamoDB and the
existing RDS resources are underutilized, migrating to DynamoDB can be a form of rightsizing. This migration aligns the resources more closely with
the actual needs of the workload, potentially resulting in cost savings compared to maintaining underutilized RDS instances.
B is more an up front decision in the design phase, so A and C may be better answers here.
upvoted 1 times
EssentialD 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
B. Base the selection of Amazon EC2 instance types on past utilization patterns.
C. Use Amazon S3 Lifecycle policies to move objects that users access infrequently to lower-cost storage tiers.
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: BC
Community vote distribution
BC (80%)
AC (20%)

IT认证轻松过    淘宝: https://shop542998714.m.taobao.com    闲鱼: https://www.goofish.com/personal?userId=2645260430    微信: Examtopics
Topic 1
