Question #391
A company wants to manage sign-in security for workforce users. The company needs to create workforce users and centrally
manage their access across all the company's AWS accounts and applications.
Which AWS service will meet these requirements?
A. AWS Audit Manager
B. Amazon Cognito
C. AWS Security Hub
D. AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) Most Voted
Comments
ShaiTay 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D. AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On)
upvoted 1 times
Meow7 1 year, 11 months ago
would someone help with 392? much appreciation.
upvoted 1 times
geocis 2 years ago
Selected Answer: D
Cognito = User authentication for Apps
IAM Identity Center = Centralized access management for AWS and Apps
The answer is D) AWS IAM Identity Center
upvoted 2 times
chalaka 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
D. AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On)
AWS IAM Identity Center, also known as AWS Single Sign-On (SSO), is a service that simplifies the management of access to AWS accounts and
business applications by providing centralized identity and access management. With AWS SSO, companies can create and manage workforce users,
control their access to AWS accounts and applications using single sign-on, and enforce multi-factor authentication for enhanced security. This
service helps streamline access management and ensures consistent security practices across the organization's AWS environment.
upvoted 2 times
Zerro 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
I think it's D, as Cognito is more for third-part applications like credentials for facebook, etc.
upvoted 1 times
rolling_potato_ 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: D
I believe it's correct because "The AWS access portal provides IAM Identity Center users with single sign-on access to all their assigned AWS accounts
and applications through a web portal." So it's centrally managed. And: ". Use IAM Identity Center with your existing identity source or create a new
directory, and manage workforce access to part or all of your AWS environment."
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (90%)
10%

IT认证轻松过    淘宝: https://shop542998714.m.taobao.com    闲鱼: https://www.goofish.com/personal?userId=2645260430    微信: Examtopics
69b322a 2 years, 2 months ago
Can someone please check if B is actually the right answer?
upvoted 1 times
Lomtom 2 years, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Per Copilot:
The AWS service that will meet these requirements is Amazon Cognito. It provides a comprehensive solution for managing sign-in security, user
authentication, and access control across multiple AWS accounts and applications.
upvoted 1 times

IT认证轻松过    淘宝: https://shop542998714.m.taobao.com    闲鱼: https://www.goofish.com/personal?userId=2645260430    微信: Examtopics
Topic 1
