Question #288
An external auditor has requested that a company provide a list of all its IAM users, including the status of users' credentials and
access keys.
What is the SIMPLEST way to provide this information?
A. Create an IAM user account for the auditor, granting the auditor administrator permissions.
B. Take a screenshot of each user's page in the AWS Management Console, then provide the screenshots to the auditor.
C. Download the IAM credential report, then provide the report to the auditor. Most Voted
D. Download the AWS Trusted Advisor report, then provide the report to the auditor.
Comments
Mike1987 Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Download the IAM credential report, then provide the report to the auditor.
upvoted 7 times
4462dfa Highly Voted 2 years, 6 months ago
The simplest way to provide an external auditor with a list of all IAM users, including the status of users' credentials and access keys, is:
C. Download the IAM credential report, then provide the report to the auditor.
The IAM credential report is a feature within AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) that provides a way to audit the status of credentials for al
IAM users in an AWS account. It includes information about when each user's credentials were last used, the status of multi-factor authentication
(MFA), and the status of access keys. This report can be generated and downloaded as a CSV file, making it easy to share with auditors or for
compliance purposes.
upvoted 5 times
FOussa Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C. Download the IAM credential report, then provide the report to the auditor.
upvoted 1 times
Webcatman 2 years, 2 months ago
I am little surprise the default answer is B. lol
upvoted 1 times
stoy123 2 years, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C. Download the IAM credential report, then provide the report to the auditor.
upvoted 3 times
BShelat 2 years, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_getting-report.html
Getting credential reports (console)
You can use the AWS Management Console to download a credential report as a comma-separated values (CSV) file. To download a credential repor
(console) Sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the IAM console at https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/.
In the navigation pane, choose Credential report. Choose Download Report.
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)

IT认证轻松过    淘宝: https://shop542998714.m.taobao.com    闲鱼: https://www.goofish.com/personal?userId=2645260430    微信: Examtopics
Important Note: I am noticing that there are incorrect answers for may questions in this question set. I would request administrator of this question
set (384 questions) to review the answers for all questions and replace the incorrect answers with correct answers for applicable questions.
upvoted 5 times
Ashisohail 2 years, 6 months ago
C
is the Correct answer
upvoted 4 times
bab5fb1 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
correct answer C
upvoted 4 times

IT认证轻松过    淘宝: https://shop542998714.m.taobao.com    闲鱼: https://www.goofish.com/personal?userId=2645260430    微信: Examtopics
Topic 1
