Question #289
Which task can a company perform by using security groups in the AWS Cloud?
A. Allow access to an Amazon EC2 instance through only a specific port. Most Voted
B. Deny access to malicious IP addresses at a subnet level.
C. Protect data that is cached by Amazon CloudFront.
D. Apply a stateless firewall to an Amazon EC2 instance.
Comments
Mike1987 Highly Voted 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: A
should be A
upvoted 6 times
stoy123 Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. Allow access to an Amazon EC2 instance through only a specific port.
upvoted 1 times
BShelat 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-security-groups.html
Security groups are stateful. For example, if you send a request from an instance, the response traffic for that request is allowed to reach the instance
regardless of the inbound security group rules. Responses to allowed inbound traffic are allowed to leave the instance, regardless of the outbound
rules. So "D" is NOT the answer. "A" is the correct answer.
upvoted 2 times
petercorn 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-security-groups.html
upvoted 1 times
Aghajee 1 year, 11 months ago
A. Allow access to an Amazon EC2 instance through only a specific port.
Security groups in AWS are used to control inbound and outbound traffic to and from Amazon EC2 instances. They act as virtual firewalls for your
instances. You can define rules in a security group to allow specific traffic based on protocols, ports, and IP address ranges. Therefore, using security
groups, you can allow access to an Amazon EC2 instance through only a specific port, effectively controlling the traffic that is permitted.
upvoted 1 times
Lyn 1 year, 12 months ago
Answer should be A.
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)

IT认证轻松过    淘宝: https://shop542998714.m.taobao.com    闲鱼: https://www.goofish.com/personal?userId=2645260430    微信: Examtopics
Topic 1
