A company's production environment consists of Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances that run constantly between Monday and
Saturday. The instances must run for only 12 hours on Sunday and cannot tolerate interruptions. The company wants to cost-
optimize the production environment.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Purchase Scheduled Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on Sunday. Purchase Standard
Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run constantly between Monday and Saturday. Most Voted
B. Purchase Convertible Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on Sunday. Purchase Standard
Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run constantly between Monday and Saturday.
C. Use Spot Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on Sunday. Purchase Standard Reserved Instances for the
EC2 instances that run constantly between Monday and Saturday.
D. Use Spot Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on Sunday. Purchase Convertible Reserved Instances for
the EC2 instances that run constantly between Monday and Saturday.
Comments
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Scheduled Reserved Instance: Perfect for workloads with predictable and recurring schedules (like 12 hours on Sunday). This is cost-efficient and
ensures uninterrupted instances.
Convertible Reserved Instance: Allows flexibility to change instance types, sizes, or OS during the term. However, they are not ideal for short,
predictable schedules like 12 hours on Sunday. Scheduled Reserved Instances are a better fit.
Spot Instances can be interrupted at any time. They do not guarantee uninterrupted operations.
upvoted 3 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
as the instance cannot tolerate interryptions, so spot instances are out, C and D are incorrect, leave only A and B, Scheduled RI or Convertible RI,
based on the AWS doc, Purchasing Reserved Instances on a recurring schedule lets you pay for compute capacity by the hour and obtain a capacity
reservation ahead of time for only the time periods you will need it. as it only 12 hours on Sunday, so A will be cheaper than B
https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/reserved-instances/pricing/.
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 5 months ago
Not the minimum commit for RI is one year, if you want the flexibility of change instance type within one year, B might be a better choice, however,
considering the flexibility, saving plan for computing is a recommended solution over RIs, I guess this question should not appear in the exam if
AWS wants to advocate the saving plan.
upvoted 1 times
GOTJ 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
"A" is the most straightforward option. However, I'm afraid this feature could be eventually removed and substituted by On-Demand Capacity
Reservations and Savings Plans. If you try to use scheduled reservation in the EC2 console, you'll get the following banner:
"We recommend Savings Plans over Reserved Instances. Savings Plans are the easiest and most flexible way to save money on your AWS compute
costs and offer lower prices (up to 72% off) just like Reserved Instances. To learn more and get started with Savings Plans click here"
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
EllenLiu 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Scheduled reserved instances are purchase of reserved Instances on a recurring schedule
https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/reserved-instances/buyer/
upvoted 1 times
bujuman 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-reserved-instances.html
upvoted 3 times
8621a7c 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
standard reserved instance is cheaper than convertible reserved instance
upvoted 4 times