A company is migrating an application from an on-premises location to Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). The
company must use a custom subnet for pods that are in the company's VPC to comply with requirements. The company also
needs to ensure that the pods can communicate securely within the pods' VPC.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure AWS Transit Gateway to directly manage custom subnet configurations for the pods in Amazon EKS.
B. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection from the company's on-premises IP address ranges to the EKS pods.
C. Use the Amazon VPC CNI plugin for Kubernetes. Define custom subnets in the VPC cluster for the pods to use. Most Voted
D. Implement a Kubernetes network policy that has pod anti-affinity rules to restrict pod placement to specific nodes that are
within custom subnets.
Comments
officedepotadmin Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The Amazon VPC Container Network Interface (CNI) plugin is the default network plugin for Amazon EKS. It allows Kubernetes pods to receive IP
addresses from a VPC's subnet and enables pods to communicate securely within the VPC as if they were native VPC resources.
upvoted 8 times
Sarayounisaldossary Most Recent 1 year, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The Amazon VPC CNI plugin is a Kubernetes networking plugin for EKS.
where it provides: a unique VPC IP address for each pod and native integration of Kubernetes networking into AWS VPC
- Pods can communicate like any EC2 instance on the same subnet.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A - AWS Transit Gateway is used to manage connectivity between multiple VPCs, on-premises networks, or other AWS services. It does not manage
pod-level subnet configurations in Amazon EKS.
B - This can't address the specific requirement to configure custom subnets for pods within the VPC.
C - This is the recommended approach.
D - Pod anti-affinity rules are used for scheduling constraints, not for subnet allocation or secure communication within the VPC.
upvoted 1 times
mooondooo 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Probably C
https://repost.aws/knowledge-center/eks-custom-subnet-for-pod
upvoted 3 times
dhewa 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C all the way.
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)