A company uses AWS Systems Manager for routine management and patching of Amazon EC2 instances. The EC2 instances are in
an IP address type target group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB).
New security protocols require the company to remove EC2 instances from service during a patch. When the company attempts to
follow the security protocol during the next patch, the company receives errors during the patching window.
Which combination of solutions will resolve the errors? (Choose two.)
A. Change the target type of the target group from IP address type to instance type.
B. Continue to use the existing Systems Manager document without changes because it is already optimized to handle
instances that are in an IP address type target group behind an ALB.
C. Implement the AWSEC2-PatchLoadBalanacerInstance Systems Manager Automation document to manage the patching
process. Most Voted
D. Use Systems Manager Maintenance Windows to automatically remove the instances from service to patch the instances.
Most Voted
E. Configure Systems Manager State Manager to remove the instances from service and manage the patching schedule. Use
ALB health checks to re-route traffic.
Comments
LeonSauveterre Highly Voted 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: CD
YOU SHOULD KNOW: The errors occur because the company is trying to patch instances that are still actively serving traffic.
A - Unnecessary when existing tools can handle the issue.
B - The existing document is not optimized for instances in an IP address type target group, so errors would persist.
C - This document automates the process of deregistering instances from the ALB during patching and re-registering them afterward, ensuring no
traffic is routed to the instances while they are being patched. It directly addresses the issue and adheres to best practices.
D - Maintenance Windows allow you to define a schedule for patching and ensure instances are temporarily removed from service during the
process.
E - This alone can't de-register and re-register instances.
upvoted 6 times
JoeAWS Most Recent 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
The document deregisters instances from target group. Since they are using IP address type, it won't prevent traffic from reaching the server. Need
to work choice A into the answer.
upvoted 1 times
EllenLiu 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: CD
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/state-manager-vs-maintenance-windows.html
upvoted 1 times
bujuman 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: CD
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager-automation-runbooks/latest/userguide/automation-awsec2-patch-load-balancer-instance.html
Correct Answer: CD
Community vote distribution
CD (93%)
7%
upvoted 3 times
aragon_saa 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: CD
Answe is CD
upvoted 3 times