A company wants to migrate an application to AWS. The company wants to increase the application's current availability. The
company wants to use AWS WAF in the application's architecture.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create an Auto Scaling group that contains multiple Amazon EC2 instances that host the application across two Availability
Zones. Configure an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and set the Auto Scaling group as the target. Connect a WAF to the ALB.
Most Voted
B. Create a cluster placement group that contains multiple Amazon EC2 instances that hosts the application. Configure an
Application Load Balancer and set the EC2 instances as the targets. Connect a WAF to the placement group.
C. Create two Amazon EC2 instances that host the application across two Availability Zones. Configure the EC2 instances as the
targets of an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Connect a WAF to the ALB.
D. Create an Auto Scaling group that contains multiple Amazon EC2 instances that host the application across two Availability
Zones. Configure an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and set the Auto Scaling group as the target. Connect a WAF to the Auto
Scaling group.
Comments
trinh_le Highly Voted 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
Not D because AWS WAF cannot be directly connected to an Auto Scaling Group, it should be associated with the ALB which managing the incoming
web traffic
upvoted 6 times
Scheldon Highly Voted 1 year, 12 months ago
Selected Answer: A
AnswerA
WAF > ALB > AutoScalingGroup(MultiAZ EC2 Instances)
Looks good
upvoted 5 times
mk168898 Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
WAF manage incoming traffic should be at ALB, because auto scaling group is behind ALB then it defeats purpose of WAF
upvoted 2 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. Create an Auto Scaling group that contains multiple Amazon EC2 instances that host the application across two Availability Zones. Configure an
Application Load Balancer (ALB) and set the Auto Scaling group as the target. Connect a WAF to the ALB.
upvoted 2 times
sandordini 2 years, 1 month ago
A: EC2 - MultiAZ > ALB > WAF
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)