A company hosts an application in a private subnet. The company has already integrated the application with Amazon Cognito.
The company uses an Amazon Cognito user pool to authenticate users.
The company needs to modify the application so the application can securely store user documents in an Amazon S3 bucket.
Which combination of steps will securely integrate Amazon S3 with the application? (Choose two.)
A. Create an Amazon Cognito identity pool to generate secure Amazon S3 access tokens for users when they successfully log
in. Most Voted
B. Use the existing Amazon Cognito user pool to generate Amazon S3 access tokens for users when they successfully log in.
C. Create an Amazon S3 VPC endpoint in the same VPC where the company hosts the application. Most Voted
D. Create a NAT gateway in the VPC where the company hosts the application. Assign a policy to the S3 bucket to deny any
request that is not initiated from Amazon Cognito.
E. Attach a policy to the S3 bucket that allows access only from the users' IP addresses.
Comments
bujuman Highly Voted 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
securely integrate Amazon S3 with the application:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/identity-pools.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/privatelink-interface-endpoints.html#types-of-vpc-endpoints-for-s3
upvoted 7 times
FlyingHawk Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
An Amazon Cognito identity pool allows you to generate temporary AWS credentials (e.g., access tokens) for authenticated users. These credentials
can be used to securely access AWS services like Amazon S3.
By creating an identity pool, the application can generate secure Amazon S3 access tokens for users after they successfully log in, ensuring that only
authenticated users can upload or access documents in the S3 bucket.
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
C_ A VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 allows private connectivity between the application (hosted in a private subnet) and the S3 bucket. This ensures
that data transfer between the application and S3 stays within the AWS network, improving security and performance.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: AC
A - Amazon Cognito identity pools provide temporary AWS credentials for authenticated users.
B - User pools are for authentication (who the user is). Identity pools are for authorization (what the user can do).
C - Traffic between your VPC and S3 stays within the AWS network, good. This also removes the need for a NAT Gateway for S3 access.
D - Unnecessary and not secure.
E - Users' IP addresses can change frequently (especially mobile users).
upvoted 3 times
viejito 1 year, 7 months ago
respuesta correcta : A - B
Correct Answer: AC
Community vote distribution
AC (100%)
upvoted 2 times
dragossky 1 year, 5 months ago
identity pool - authorization
user pool - authentication, in this case something needs to modify docs, so authorization
upvoted 1 times
luther77 1 year, 6 months ago
B doesnt make sense here. because user pools are used for authentication, not authorization
upvoted 2 times