A software company needs to upgrade a critical web application. The application currently runs on a single Amazon EC2 instance
that the company hosts in a public subnet. The EC2 instance runs a MySQL database. The application's DNS records are published
in an Amazon Route 53 zone.
A solutions architect must reconfigure the application to be scalable and highly available. The solutions architect must also reduce
MySQL read latency.
Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Launch a second EC2 instance in a second AWS Region. Use a Route 53 failover routing policy to redirect the traffic to the
second EC2 instance.
B. Create and configure an Auto Scaling group to launch private EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones. Add the instances
to a target group behind a new Application Load Balancer. Most Voted
C. Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora MySQL cluster. Create the primary DB instance and reader DB instance in
separate Availability Zones. Most Voted
D. Create and configure an Auto Scaling group to launch private EC2 instances in multiple AWS Regions. Add the instances to a
target group behind a new Application Load Balancer.
E. Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora MySQL cluster with cross-Region read replicas.
Comments
example_ Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Concepts.AuroraHighAvailability.html
upvoted 6 times
Sarayounisaldossary Most Recent 1 year, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
B. Auto Scaling + Load Balancer across AZs
Launch multiple EC2s across multiple AZs
Add to Application Load Balancer
Gives:
HA and Elastic scalability
C. Migrate to Aurora MySQL with a reader in a separate AZ
Aurora is high performance + replication built-in
Reader in another AZ → lower read latency
Built for fault tolerance
NOT A,D,E
A. EC2 in another Region + Route 53 Failover: Disaster recovery, not real-time scaling or latency reduction.
D. Auto Scaling across Regions: Not supported.
Correct Answer: BC
Community vote distribution
BC (95%)
5%
E. Aurora with cross-Region replica: Overkill and not needed here.
upvoted 1 times
Steve122 8 months, 3 weeks ago
If you see the word 'Region' among the answers -> DR! (No DR req. mentioned in the Q.)
upvoted 1 times
progounick 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
It is obvious
upvoted 2 times
dhewa 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
These simple options will help you achieve a robust, scalable, and highly available architecture for your web application
upvoted 3 times
nebajp 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
correct Answer is B& C as it talks about high availability and scalability
and rest of the options are for Disaster Recovery.
Right answer is B & C.
upvoted 3 times
nebajp 1 year, 10 months ago
correct Answer is B& C as it talks about high availability and scalability
and rest of the options are for Disaster Recovery.
Right answer is B & C.
upvoted 2 times
komorebi 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: DE
Answer is DE
upvoted 1 times
JunsK1e 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
B is correct and C, D is incorrect since the auto scaling is working within Region not Multi region. E incorrect also because the question is asking a
high availability C is the best answer that E.
upvoted 4 times