A company has stored millions of objects across multiple prefixes in an Amazon S3 bucket by using the Amazon S3 Glacier Deep
Archive storage class. The company needs to delete all data older than 3 years except for a subset of data that must be retained.
The company has identified the data that must be retained and wants to implement a serverless solution.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use S3 Inventory to list all objects. Use the AWS CLI to create a script that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance that deletes
objects from the inventory list.
B. Use AWS Batch to delete objects older than 3 years except for the data that must be retained.
C. Provision an AWS Glue crawler to query objects older than 3 years. Save the manifest file of old objects. Create a script to
delete objects in the manifest.
D. Enable S3 Inventory. Create an AWS Lambda function to filter and delete objects. Invoke the Lambda function with S3 Batch
Operations to delete objects by using the inventory reports. Most Voted
Comments
Salilgen 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/batch-ops.html
upvoted 2 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Takeaways:
1. S3 Inventory provides a flat file report of the objects in an S3 bucket, including metadata such as storage class, size, and last modified date. Now
you can easily find files "older than 3 years".
2. The Lambda function can be used to filter objects based on the company's requirements (excluding the subset of data to retain) and to delete the
objects programmatically.
3. S3 Batch Operations allow the execution of bulk operations (e.g., delete operations) on a large number of S3 objects.
A - Running a script on an EC2 instance is not serverless.
B - AWS Batch is designed for batch computing workloads, not operations like deleting S3 objects.
C - AWS Glue crawlers are designed to extract metadata and schema from data stored in S3 for querying and ETL processes, not for managing or
deleting objects.
upvoted 3 times
agbor_tambe 1 year, 8 months ago
yes D is the right answer
upvoted 2 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Enable S3 Inventory. Create an AWS Lambda function to filter and delete objects. Invoke the Lambda function with S3 Batch Operations to delete
objects by using the inventory reports.
upvoted 3 times
swati1508 1 year, 10 months ago
D is correct
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)