A company needs to give a globally distributed development team secure access to the company's AWS resources in a way that
complies with security policies.
The company currently uses an on-premises Active Directory for internal authentication. The company uses AWS Organizations to
manage multiple AWS accounts that support multiple projects.
The company needs a solution to integrate with the existing infrastructure to provide centralized identity management and access
control.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Set up AWS Directory Service to create an AWS managed Microsoft Active Directory on AWS. Establish a trust relationship
with the on-premises Active Directory. Use IAM rotes that are assigned to Active Directory groups to access AWS resources
within the company's AWS accounts.
B. Create an IAM user for each developer. Manually manage permissions for each IAM user based on each user's involvement
with each project. Enforce multi-factor authentication (MFA) as an additional layer of security.
C. Use AD Connector in AWS Directory Service to connect to the on-premises Active Directory. Integrate AD Connector with
AWS IAM Identity Center. Configure permissions sets to give each AD group access to specific AWS accounts and resources.
Most Voted
D. Use Amazon Cognito to deploy an identity federation solution. Integrate the identity federation solution with the on-
premises Active Directory. Use Amazon Cognito to provide access tokens for developers to access AWS accounts and
resources.
Comments
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A - On-premises Active Directory already exists.
B - "Manually" ? Oh hell no. But MFA is something I guess.
C - AD Connector seamlessly connects AWS to the on-premises Active Directory without the need to synchronize or replicate the directory. Identity
Center (formerly AWS SSO) allows centralized access management across AWS accounts in an AWS Organizations setup. Permissions sets can be
configured to map Active Directory groups to specific AWS accounts and resources, making access control easy and secure.
D - Amazon Cognito is better suited for application-level identity management (like customer-facing apps), not for internal teams working across
multiple AWS accounts.
upvoted 3 times
GOTJ 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Why not "A"? Check out the note of this link: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directoryservice/latest/admin-guide/directory_ad_connector.html
AD Connector cannot be shared with other AWS accounts. If this is a requirement, consider using AWS Managed Microsoft AD to Share your AWS
Managed Microsoft AD. AD Connector is also not multi-VPC aware, which means that AWS applications like WorkSpaces are required to be
provisioned into the same VPC as your AD Connector.
And I think managing multiple aws accounts is, indeed, a requirement
upvoted 3 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (80%)
A (20%)
While this option provides centralized identity management, it requires setting up a separate AWS managed Microsoft AD, which increases
operational overhead. A trust relationship is also more complex to configure than AD Connector.
upvoted 1 times
GOTJ 1 year, 4 months ago
I guess so, but... is the alternative configure one AD connector per account more operational friendly?
upvoted 1 times
trinh_le 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C: AD Connector allows AWS to use the on-premises Active Directory for authentication without replicating directory data to AWS.
• Maintains centralized identity management in the on-premises directory, adhering to the company’s security policies.
A: Higher Overhead: Requires creating and maintaining a separate managed Active Directory instance in AWS.
B: Scalability Issues: Manually creating and managing IAM users for a globally distributed team is cumbersome.
D: Unnecessary Federation Layer: Cognito is more suited for customer identity use cases rather than managing internal developer access to AWS
resources.
upvoted 3 times
78b9037 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Once set up, it requires minimal ongoing management. User provisioning and deprovisioning are handled through the existing Active
Directory.processes.
upvoted 2 times
xekiva3329 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
answer C
upvoted 2 times
aragon_saa 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Answer is C
upvoted 2 times