A company runs thousands of AWS Lambda functions. The company needs a solution to securely store sensitive information that
all the Lambda functions use. The solution must also manage the automatic rotation of the sensitive information.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? (Choose two.)
A. Create HTTP security headers by using Lambda@Edge to retrieve and create sensitive information
B. Create a Lambda layer that retrieves sensitive information Most Voted
C. Store sensitive information in AWS Secrets Manager Most Voted
D. Store sensitive information in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store
E. Create a Lambda consumer with dedicated throughput to retrieve sensitive information and create environmental variables
Comments
[Removed] Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
C. Store sensitive information in AWS Secrets Manager.
AWS Secrets Manager securely stores sensitive information and provides automatic rotation of secrets, reducing the need for manual management.
B. Create a Lambda layer that retrieves sensitive information.
Using a Lambda layer allows multiple Lambda functions to access the sensitive information stored in Secrets Manager without needing to duplicate
retrieval logic in each function. This approach centralizes the retrieval process and reduces operational complexity.
upvoted 9 times
awisaw 1 year, 9 months ago
chatgpt answer is now C and D
upvoted 1 times
sOI852POL 1 year, 7 months ago
AWS public documentation and other professional forums instead, kindly!
upvoted 3 times
pujithacg8 Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
D doesn't provide automatic rotation
Answer will be B and C
upvoted 8 times
c3c7e62 Most Recent 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: BC
A - not relate, as question does not mention the use of HTTP.
D - technical works, but does not support automatic rotation.
E - not secure to use the environmental variables.
Question and Concern - for the exam, have to pick option B & C. However, really wonder if the approach is practical in real world for secure solution.
1) Secrets Manager encrypt the sensitive info. Lambda Layer saves those sensitive information into /opt layer (in zip format etc) and shares with all
other. However, I cannot see there is description the information is encrypted for certain format.
2) After Secret Manager rotation, how can those saved content in /opt folder be refreshed ?
Open for discussion. Thanks.
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: BC
Community vote distribution
BC (90%)
10%
c3c7e62 1 year, 1 month ago
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/chapter-layers.html
upvoted 1 times
Sarayounisaldossary 1 year, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
A. Lambda@Edge: Not relevant for secrets; Used for CDN/CloudFront.
D. Parameter Store: Doesn’t support auto-rotation as easily as Secrets Manager.
E. Env Variables: Not secure and needs manual management.
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
A - Lambda@Edge is primarily used for managing HTTP request/response behavior in a CDN environment with Amazon CloudFront. It is not
designed for securely storing or rotating sensitive information.
B - By creating a layer that securely retrieves sensitive information (for example, from AWS Secrets Manager), we will reduce duplication and
operational overhead. The layer can also handle the logic for retrieving updated information if needed.
C - Automatic rotation is managed.
D - Automatic rotation is NOT managed.
E - Setting environment variables dynamically at runtime is not an efficient or scalable practice for "thousands of Lambda functions". Too much
operational overhead.
upvoted 5 times
agbor_tambe 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
BC is correct
upvoted 2 times
progounick 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: BC
B,C ChatGPT agrees with me
upvoted 1 times
komorebi 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: CD
Answer is CD
upvoted 1 times
example_ 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: CD
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/ps-integration-lambda-extensions.html
https://www.trustwave.com/en-us/resources/blogs/spiderlabs-blog/using-aws-secrets-manager-and-lambda-function-to-store-rotate-and-secure-
keys/
upvoted 1 times