A company is testing an application that runs on an Amazon EC2 Linux instance. A single 500 GB Amazon Elastic Block Store
(Amazon EBS) General Purpose SSO (gp2) volume is attached to the EC2 instance.
The company will deploy the application on multiple EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. All instances require access to the
data that is stored in the EBS volume. The company needs a highly available and resilient solution that does not introduce
significant changes to the application's code.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Provision an EC2 instance that uses NFS server software. Attach a single 500 GB gp2 EBS volume to the instance.
B. Provision an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system. Configure the file system as an SMB file store within a single
Availability Zone.
C. Provision an EC2 instance with two 250 GB Provisioned IOPS SSD EBS volumes.
D. Provision an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Configure the file system to use General Purpose
performance mode. Most Voted
Comments
GOTJ 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
In my opinion, this question is not written properly, since it doesn't clearly states that the original EBS volume contains files within a filesystem.
Changing "All instances require access to the data that is stored in the EBS volume" with "All instances require access to the FILES stored in the EBS
volume" would do the trick. Assuming this, "D" should be the right answer.
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
3 reasons why I will choose Option D:
#1 - Highly Available and Scalable: EFS is a managed file system designed for high availability and can automatically scale to accommodate the need
of multiple EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group, which perfectly aligns with the company's requirement.
# 2 - No code changes: Since EFS is a network file system, the application doesn't need significant code changes to access the data stored on it, as it
can mount the file system like a local disk.
#3 - General Purpose performance mode: This mode provides a balance between cost and performance, suitable for most application workloads.
upvoted 3 times
aragon_saa 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Answer is D
upvoted 4 times
aragon_saa 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Answer is D
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)