A company is developing an application in the AWS Cloud. The application's HTTP API contains critical information that is
published in Amazon API Gateway. The critical information must be accessible from only a limited set of trusted IP addresses that
belong to the company's internal network.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Set up an API Gateway private integration to restrict access to a predefined set of IP addresses.
B. Create a resource policy for the API that denies access to any IP address that is not specifically allowed. Most Voted
C. Directly deploy the API in a private subnet. Create a network ACL. Set up rules to allow the traffic from specific IP addresses.
D. Modify the security group that is attached to API Gateway to allow inbound traffic from only the trusted IP addresses.
Comments
Jassn3 Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
OMG finally I have reached here
upvoted 38 times
Bwhizzy Highly Voted 1 year, 7 months ago
Finally made it. Congratulations to everyone who got here. I know the journey has been hard and long. best of luck
upvoted 22 times
DRODRO Most Recent 6 months, 3 weeks ago
Selected Answer: B
Good luck to everyone.
upvoted 5 times
whoeevd2eww3322d 1 year, 4 months ago
] I cleared the AWS Solutions Architect – Associate exam!
For those on the same journey, many exam questions are from or related to these 1019 questions. Go through them twice for a solid prep.
Also, check out Shaping Pixel's YouTube channel—focus only on the latest videos as most questions overlap.
You've got this—good luck! ¨
upvoted 13 times
techghost 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Got to the end, worth it and great contributions
upvoted 2 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - A private integration is for connecting API Gateway to private resources within VPCs, such as EC2 instances or Lambda functions. It doesn't
restrict access based on IP addresses. It controls how the API interacts with private resources.
B - This is the most direct way to restrict access at the API Gateway level.
C - Deploying the API in a private subnet would require users to connect to your VPC (e.g., via VPN or Direct Connect). This is not what the question
implies (the API should be publicly accessible, but restricted by IP).
D - API Gateway doesn't even use security groups because it's a regional managed service, not directly tied to VPCs like EC2 instances.
upvoted 5 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (92%)
8%
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Now people let's go back to square one and nail this frickin' exam!
upvoted 6 times
jfedotov 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The correct answer should be B, but the question is misleading. This is because HTTP APIs do not support resource policies; only REST APIs do.
upvoted 2 times
Denise123 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
I can't believe that I made it! Congrats everyone! Time to restart from the Q1 to polish, and good luck for the exam!
upvoted 3 times
EllenLiu 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/apigateway-resource-policies-examples.html#apigateway-resource-policies-source
ip-address-example
upvoted 4 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
yes, finally, the finishing point.....
---
Why not D?
By modifying the security group attached to API Gateway, you can explicitly define which IP addresses are allowed to access the API, effectively
restricting access to only the trusted internal network IPs
upvoted 3 times
trinh_le 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B: api gateway allows configure resource policy to restricted IP
A: private integration-> private api
C: private subnet -> private api
D: security group does not support api gateway
upvoted 6 times
Sergantus 1 year, 6 months ago
Congrats to everyone who made it here. On to the next step, gents.
upvoted 7 times
Ben_88 1 year, 7 months ago
And now it's time to start all over again to see if you can do better this time . good luck lads !
upvoted 7 times
xekiva3329 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
answer B
upvoted 6 times