A consumer survey company has gathered data for several years from a specific geographic region. The company stores this data
in an Amazon S3 bucket in an AWS Region.
The company has started to share this data with a marketing firm in a new geographic region. The company has granted the firm's
AWS account access to the S3 bucket. The company wants to minimize the data transfer costs when the marketing firm requests
data from the S3 bucket.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure the Requester Pays feature on the company’s S3 bucket. Most Voted
B. Configure S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) from the company’s S3 bucket to one of the marketing firm’s S3 buckets.
C. Configure AWS Resource Access Manager to share the S3 bucket with the marketing firm AWS account.
D. Configure the company’s S3 bucket to use S3 Intelligent-Tiering Sync the S3 bucket to one of the marketing firm’s S3
buckets.
Comments
jhon9012227 2 months, 3 weeks ago
Selected Answer: B
transfering cost is not an effective solution for me
upvoted 1 times
asosa_adorati 11 months, 3 weeks ago
Selected Answer: B
Ok Guys... The solution is A i understand, but if another company has to pay for the money i am saving that is not a solution for me... For me B is the
Answer, is the most cost effective solution...
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Read again - "The company wants to minimize the data transfer costs when the marketing firm requests data from the S3 bucket."
So as long as the company saves money, bravo. We don't care about the marketing firm. When enabling Requester Pays, the marketing firm
(requester) pays for the costs of data requests and data transfer out of the S3 bucket, instead of the data owner (the consumer survey company).
B - CRR does not inherently reduce costs. In fact, replication incurs additional storage and transfer costs for the data owner, who would still bear the
cost of replication, which contradicts the requirement to minimize their own data transfer costs.
C - RAM is used to share resources like S3 buckets, but it doesn't affect data transfer costs.
D - This helps reduce storage costs by moving objects between storage classes based on access patterns, but it doesn't reduce data transfer costs fo
requests made by the marketing firm.
upvoted 1 times
Anyio 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The correct answer is B. Configure S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) from the company’s S3 bucket to one of the marketing firm’s S3 buckets.
Explanation:
Option A: Incorrect. The Requester Pays feature can help distribute the cost of data requests by billing the requestor, but it does not reduce the
overall data transfer costs. It only shifts who pays for the data transfer, not the amount.
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (67%)
B (33%)
Option B: Correct. S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) replicates the data to a bucket in the marketing firm's region. This allows the marketing firm to
access the data from a local region, minimizing cross-region data transfer charges each time data is accessed.
upvoted 1 times
ARV14 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
This is the same question as question 88. One difference is "it's data transfer costs" in question 88. Here it is "minimize the data transfer costs". A or B
can be correct based on whether they are asking for reducing data transfer costs for survey company or both of them.
upvoted 1 times
AMEJack 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Sorry that was for the next question.
upvoted 1 times
martinadurcakova1 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. Configure the Requester Pays feature on the company's S3 bucket.
Explanation:
A. Configuring the Requester Pays feature on the company's S3 bucket is the most appropriate solution. With Requester Pays, the marketing firm's
AWS account will be responsible for the data transfer costs when accessing the data in the S3 bucket, minimizing the data transfer costs for the
consumer survey company.
B. Configuring S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) from the company's S3 bucket to one of the marketing firm's S3 buckets would not be the most
cost-effective solution, as the company would still be responsible for the data transfer costs.
upvoted 4 times
MatAlves 1 year, 8 months ago
The Requester Pays feature allows the bucket owner to offload the data transfer costs to the requester. When this feature is enabled, the marketing
firm would pay for the data transfer when they access the data in the survey company's S3 bucket, which effectively minimizes costs for the survey
company.
This means that the most cost-effective solution for the survey company, given that the marketing firm is accessing the data, is "A"
upvoted 2 times
[Removed] 1 year, 9 months ago
Answer B seems to be more logic, the question didn't mention which account will pay
upvoted 1 times
Abdullah2004 1 year, 9 months ago
question ask for method to reduce cost in survey company, so A will do it
upvoted 1 times
JunsK1e 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Letter A
upvoted 2 times
pujithacg8 1 year, 10 months ago
A is the correct answer
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/RequesterPaysBuckets.html
upvoted 4 times