A company is migrating its databases to Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. The company is migrating its applications to Amazon EC2
instances. The company wants to optimize costs for long-running workloads.
Which solution will meet this requirement MOST cost-effectively?
A. Use On-Demand Instances for the Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL workloads. Purchase a 1 year Compute Savings Plan with the
No Upfront option for the EC2 instances.
B. Purchase Reserved Instances for a 1 year term with the No Upfront option for the Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL workloads.
Purchase a 1 year EC2 Instance Savings Plan with the No Upfront option for the EC2 instances.
C. Purchase Reserved Instances for a 1 year term with the Partial Upfront option for the Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL
workloads. Purchase a 1 year EC2 Instance Savings Plan with the Partial Upfront option for the EC2 instances.
D. Purchase Reserved Instances for a 3 year term with the All Upfront option for the Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL workloads.
Purchase a 3 year EC2 Instance Savings Plan with the All Upfront option for the EC2 instances. Most Voted
Comments
LeonSauveterre Highly Voted 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
What you should know:
1. No Upfront - Pay nothing at the time of purchase. Payments are spread out monthly over the term (1 or 3 years). Lowest savings with high
flexibility.
2. Partial Upfront - Pay a portion of the cost upfront, with reduced monthly payments over the term. Moderate savings with moderate flexibility.
3. All Upfront - Pay the full cost upfront at the time of purchase. No additional payments required during the term. Highest savings with the least
flexibility.
Merely by the question, option D would be the answer because it's best for companies with a stable workload, long-term commitment, and sufficient
budget for upfront payments.
Just to add something, generally option C would be the best in real world cases because it strikes a good balance between savings and upfront
investment, and uitable for mid-term commitments with moderate budget flexibility.
upvoted 6 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
uitable => suitable sorry
upvoted 1 times
744fdad Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
the longer the reservation the more the savings too for reserved
upvoted 3 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D is right
upvoted 1 times
nebajp 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Correct Answer - D,
All upfront is cheaper than partial and no upfront.
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)
swati1508 1 year, 10 months ago
D is correct
upvoted 2 times
JunsK1e 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: D
letter D is the correct, It gives you big discount if you purchase with all upfront
upvoted 3 times