A company recently migrated a monolithic application to an Amazon EC2 instance and Amazon RDS. The application has tightly
coupled modules. The existing design of the application gives the application the ability to run on only a single EC2 instance.
The company has noticed high CPU utilization on the EC2 instance during peak usage times. The high CPU utilization corresponds
to degraded performance on Amazon RDS for read requests. The company wants to reduce the high CPU utilization and improve
read request performance.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Resize the EC2 instance to an EC2 instance type that has more CPU capacity. Configure an Auto Scaling group with a
minimum and maximum size of 1. Configure an RDS read replica for read requests. Most Voted
B. Resize the EC2 instance to an EC2 instance type that has more CPU capacity. Configure an Auto Scaling group with a
minimum and maximum size of 1. Add an RDS read replica and redirect all read/write traffic to the replica.
C. Configure an Auto Scaling group with a minimum size of 1 and maximum size of 2. Resize the RDS DB instance to an
instance type that has more CPU capacity.
D. Resize the EC2 instance to an EC2 instance type that has more CPU capacity. Configure an Auto Scaling group with a
minimum and maximum size of 1. Resize the RDS DB instance to an instance type that has more CPU capacity.
Comments
GOTJ 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Option "A", but... How does an auto scaling group with min = max = 1 instances contribute to the solution?
upvoted 2 times
dhewa 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
This approach addresses both the high CPU utilization on the EC2 instance and the degraded read performance on the RDS instance effectively.
upvoted 2 times
Abbas_Abi_AWS 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is correct
upvoted 2 times
ltetti 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Option B incorrectly suggests redirecting all read/write traffic to the replica. RDS read replicas are designed to handle read operations only, not write
operations. Writes must still be handled by the primary DB instance
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)