A company hosts its main public web application in one AWS Region across multiple Availability Zones. The application uses an
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group and an Application Load Balancer (ALB).
A web development team needs a cost-optimized compute solution to improve the company’s ability to serve dynamic content
globally to millions of customers.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Configure the existing ALB as the origin. Most Voted
B. Use Amazon Route 53 to serve traffic to the ALB and EC2 instances based on the geographic location of each customer.
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket with public read access enabled. Migrate the web application to the S3 bucket. Configure the
S3 bucket for website hosting.
D. Use AWS Direct Connect to directly serve content from the web application to the location of each customer.
Comments
aragon_saa Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer is A
upvoted 6 times
GOTJ Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Cloudfront to serve dynamic content? Again?
upvoted 1 times
GOTJ 1 year, 4 months ago
I have to correct myself: https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/dynamic-content/
In this case, you can use cloudfront as an entry-point to AWS networking infrastructure for accessing to the web application, which is wide better
than the public network infrastructure
upvoted 2 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
CloudFront:
is a content delivery network (CDN) service from AWS, designed to distribute content globally at high speeds by caching content in edge locations
close to users. This is the most cost-effective way to serve dynamic content globally, which is exactly what the scenario requires.
ALB as the origin:
By setting the existing ALB as the origin for CloudFront, the CDN will fetch content from the web application running on the EC2 instances behind
the ALB, effectively caching and delivering content from geographically closer locations to users
upvoted 2 times
Cpso 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
“A. But I’m curious why the exam usually uses CloudFront for dynamic content. It doesn’t seem reasonable.”
upvoted 4 times
ttttttttttttttttttttttt 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Cloudfront == global
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
upvoted 3 times