A company hosts a multi-tier web application that uses an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB cluster for storage. The application tier is
hosted on Amazon EC2 instances. The company's IT security guidelines mandate that the database credentials be encrypted and
rotated every 14 days.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement with the LEAST operational effort?
A. Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption key. Use AWS Secrets Manager to create a new secret
that uses the KMS key with the appropriate credentials. Associate the secret with the Aurora DB cluster. Configure a custom
rotation period of 14 days. Most Voted
B. Create two parameters in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store: one for the user name as a string parameter and one that
uses the SecureString type for the password. Select AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption for the password
parameter, and load these parameters in the application tier. Implement an AWS Lambda function that rotates the password
every 14 days.
C. Store a file that contains the credentials in an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encrypted Amazon Elastic File
System (Amazon EFS) file system. Mount the EFS file system in all EC2 instances of the application tier. Restrict the access to
the file on the file system so that the application can read the file and that only super users can modify the file. Implement an
AWS Lambda function that rotates the key in Aurora every 14 days and writes new credentials into the file.
D. Store a file that contains the credentials in an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encrypted Amazon S3 bucket that
the application uses to load the credentials. Download the file to the application regularly to ensure that the correct credentials
are used. Implement an AWS Lambda function that rotates the Aurora credentials every 14 days and uploads these credentials
to the file in the S3 bucket.
Comments
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A - AWS KMS + Secrets Manager support custom rotation intervals, such as 14 days, with built-in integration for Aurora DB clusters.
B, C, D - Manual implementation of rotation? This is really hard.
upvoted 1 times
viejito 1 year, 8 months ago
respuesta correcta A . Credenciales , rotación automática =AWS Secrets Manager .
upvoted 2 times
aragon_saa 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer is A
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)