A video game company is deploying a new gaming application to its global users. The company requires a solution that will
provide near real-time reviews and rankings of the players.
A solutions architect must design a solution to provide fast access to the data. The solution must also ensure the data persists on
disks in the event that the company restarts the application.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an Amazon S3 bucket as the origin. Store the player data in the S3
bucket.
B. Create Amazon EC2 instances in multiple AWS Regions. Store the player data on the EC2 instances. Configure Amazon Route
53 with geolocation records to direct users to the closest EC2 instance.
C. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis duster. Store the player data in the ElastiCache cluster. Most Voted
D. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached duster. Store the player data in the ElastiCache cluster.
Comments
officedepotadmin Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Amazon ElastiCache for Redis provides in-memory caching which ensures low latency and high throughput, perfect for near real-time access to
player reviews and rankings.
Redis supports data persistence by snapshotting data to disk (RDB snapshots) and appending changes to a log (AOF), ensuring that the data is not
lost even if the application restarts.
upvoted 5 times
Salilgen Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/building-a-real-time-gaming-leaderboard-with-amazon-elasticache-for-redis/
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
To be more exact, you should use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis with AOF (Append-Only File) persistence. BTW, all the "duster"s in the options should
be "cluster"s.
upvoted 1 times
Bwhizzy 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
REDIS
• Multi AZ with Auto-Failover
• Read Replicas to scale reads and
have high availability
• Data Durability using AOF
persistence
• Backup and restore features
• Supports Sets and Sorted Sets
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)