A company is migrating its on-premises Oracle database to an Amazon RDS for Oracle database. The company needs to retain
data for 90 days to meet regulatory requirements. The company must also be able to restore the database to a specific point in
time for up to 14 days.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create Amazon RDS automated backups. Set the retention period to 90 days.
B. Create an Amazon RDS manual snapshot every day. Delete manual snapshots that are older than 90 days.
C. Use the Amazon Aurora Clone feature for Oracle to create a point-in-time restore. Delete clones that are older than 90 days.
D. Create a backup plan that has a retention period of 90 days by using AWS Backup for Amazon RDS. Most Voted
Comments
nebajp Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Correct Answer is D - Its fulfilling the requirement of point in time.
Automated Backup - Default retention period is 0-35 Days - so option A is wrong.
upvoted 8 times
JoeTromundo Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A: Amazon RDS automated backups support a maximum retention period of 35 days. This option does not meet the requirement to retain backups
for 90 days.
B: This approach requires manual snapshot management, including scheduling snapshots and deleting old ones. This increases operational overhead
and is prone to human error.
C: This option is not applicable as Aurora Clone is a feature specific to Amazon Aurora and not available for Amazon RDS for Oracle. Additionally, it
would require manual management of clones, increasing complexity.
D: AWS Backup supports point-in-time recovery for Amazon RDS, enabling you to restore the database to any specific point within the defined
retention period, up to 35 days. For the requirement of 14 days, AWS Backup easily supports this capability.
upvoted 5 times
KarlosRC Most Recent 3 months ago
Selected Answer: A
D - is not the best option: AWS Backup stores snapshots but does not manage transaction logs for PITR.
upvoted 1 times
spoved 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/amazon-rds-backup-restore-using-aws-backup/
upvoted 3 times
pujithacg8 1 year, 10 months ago
Answer is D
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (94%)
6%