A company hosts its core network services, including directory services and DNS, in its on-premises data center. The data center is
connected to the AWS Cloud using AWS Direct Connect (DX). Additional AWS accounts are planned that will require quick, cost-
effective, and consistent access to these network services.
What should a solutions architect implement to meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?
A. Create a DX connection in each new account. Route the network traffic to the on-premises servers.
B. Configure VPC endpoints in the DX VPC for all required services. Route the network traffic to the on-premises servers.
C. Create a VPN connection between each new account and the DX VPRoute the network traffic to the on-premises servers.
D. Configure AWS Transit Gateway between the accounts. Assign DX to the transit gateway and route network traffic to the on-
premises servers. Most Voted
Comments
aragon_saa Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Answer is D
upvoted 7 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
New AWS accounts need consistent, quick, and cost-effective access to these services, so we can't do something for each of these accounts. We
should find a way to manage these accounts fast.
A - Managing separate DX connections for every account is too much work and DX connections are expensive.
B - VPC endpoints are for accessing AWS services, not on-premises services.
C - Managing individual VPNs for multiple accounts is too much work and VPNs bring more latency.
D - Transit Gateway simplifies the network by acting as a hub for all VPCs and the on-premises network. Instead of multiple DX or VPN connections,
you're using one centralized DX connection with Transit Gateway. The best part is that you can easily add new accounts or VPCs without
reconfiguring DX or VPN connections.
upvoted 3 times
JA2018 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
I will choose Option D for the following reasons:
#Least operational overhead:
- Using a Transit Gateway centralizes network management, eliminating the need to create separate DX connections or VPNs for each new account,
significantly reducing operational overhead.
#Scalability:
- With a Transit Gateway, you can easily add new accounts to the network without modifying existing configurations, making it ideal for scenarios
with frequent account creation.
#Cost-effective:
- While creating a dedicated DX connection for each account might seem quick, it can become expensive, especially when dealing with a large
number of accounts.
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)