A company wants to create an Amazon EMR cluster that multiple teams will use. The company wants to ensure that each team’s
big data workloads can access only the AWS services that each team needs to interact with. The company does not want the
workloads to have access to Instance Metadata Service Version 2 (IMDSv2) on the cluster’s underlying EC2 instances.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure interface VPC endpoints for each AWS service that the teams need. Use the required interface VPC endpoints to
submit the big data workloads.
B. Create EMR runtime roles. Configure the cluster to use the runtime roles. Use the runtime roles to submit the big data
workloads. Most Voted
C. Create an EC2 IAM instance profile that has the required permissions for each team. Use the instance profile to submit the
big data workloads.
D. Create an EMR security configuration that has the EnableApplicationScopedIAMRole option set to false. Use the security
configuration to submit the big data workloads.
Comments
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
When you specify a runtime role for an Amazon EMR step, the jobs or queries that you submit can only access AWS resources that the policies
attached to the runtime role allow. These jobs and queries can't access the Instance Metadata Service on the EC2 instances of the cluster or use the
EC2 instance profile of the cluster to access any AWS resources.
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/introducing-runtime-roles-for-amazon-emr-steps-use-iam-roles-and-aws-lake-formation-for-access-
control-with-amazon-emr/
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-steps-runtime-roles.html
upvoted 3 times
EllenLiu 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
runtime role is used to resolve the issue that there is only union permissions for all jobs and queries we can use. just like it mentions, for ec2, IMDSv2
is mandatory, however we can use runtime role to access instance metadata on ec2 avoid using IMDSv2
upvoted 1 times
martinadurcakova1 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B. Creating EMR runtime roles and configuring the cluster to use them is the correct solution. EMR runtime roles allow you to grant specific
permissions to the big data workloads, ensuring that each team's workloads can only access the required AWS services. Additionally, the runtime
roles can be configured to disable access to IMDSv2, meeting the requirement.
upvoted 2 times
dhewa 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
This approach avoids the need for workloads to access the Instance Metadata Service (IMDSv2) on the underlying EC2 instances, as the permissions
are managed through the runtime roles.
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)