A company recently performed a lift and shift migration of its on-premises Oracle database workload to run on an Amazon EC2
memory optimized Linux instance. The EC2 Linux instance uses a 1 TB Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volume with 64,000 IOPS.
The database storage performance after the migration is slower than the performance of the on-premises database.
Which solution will improve storage performance?
A. Add more Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volumes. Use OS commands to create a Logical Volume Management (LVM)
stripe. Most Voted
B. Increase the Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volume to more than 64,000 IOPS.
C. Increase the size of the Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volume to 2 TB.
D. Change the EC2 Linux instance to a storage optimized instance type. Do not change the Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS
volume.
Comments
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/sql-server-ec2-best-practices/striping.html
upvoted 2 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
When the performance requirement cannot be met by a single EBS volume, consider striping using Logical Volume Management (LVM). For
example, if a single volume has 250 MiB/s throughput capacity, having a stripe set across four volumes can deliver 1000 MiB/s throughput.
Volumes should be of the same size and performance characteristics.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/sap-lens/best-practice-14-2.html
upvoted 3 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A - For example, given two io1 volumes, each provisioned with 64,000 IOPS, would provide a combined 128,000 IOPS.
B - The maximum IOPS for an io1 volume is capped at 64,000 IOPS when attached to an EC2 instance.
C - While increasing the size of the volume increases baseline throughput (3 IOPS per GB), it won’t exceed the 64,000 IOPS limit.
D - Storage optimized instances (like i3 or i4i) use instance store volumes, which are ephemeral (non-persistent) and cannot be used as a
replacement for durable EBS volumes in this use case.
What is the deal with LVM striping?
LVM striping allows multiple volumes to be treated as a single logical volume. Reads and writes are distributed across the striped volumes, effectively
increasing the available IOPS and throughput beyond the single-volume limits.
upvoted 4 times
JA2018 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
why I would choose Option B:
- Issue:
The problem is that the current IOPS (Input/Output Operations Per Second) provisioned on the EBS volume are not sufficient to meet the database
workload demands, leading to slower performance compared to the on-premises setup.
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (91%)
9%
- Solution:
Since the bottleneck is clearly identified as inadequate IOPS, the most effective solution is to simply increase the provisioned IOPS on the existing
EBS volume, allowing for faster data read/write operations.
upvoted 1 times
jingen11 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A
upvoted 2 times
elmyth 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Increase the Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volume to more than 64,000 IOPS.
upvoted 2 times
pujithacg8 1 year, 10 months ago
A is correct, The maximum provisioned IOPS for io1 is 64000 and hence you can achieve higher aggregate performance by adding more io1 volumes
upvoted 4 times