A medical company wants to perform transformations on a large amount of clinical trial data that comes from several customers.
The company must extract the data from a relational database that contains the customer data. Then the company will transform
the data by using a series of complex rules. The company will load the data to Amazon S3 when the transformations are complete.
All data must be encrypted where it is processed before the company stores the data in Amazon S3. All data must be encrypted by
using customer-specific keys.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational effort?
A. Create one AWS Glue job for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each job that uses server-side encryption
with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3) to encrypt the data.
B. Create one Amazon EMR cluster for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each cluster that uses client-side
encryption with a custom client-side root key (CSE-Custom) to encrypt the data.
C. Create one AWS Glue job for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each job that uses client-side encryption with
AWS KMS managed keys (CSE-KMS) to encrypt the data. Most Voted
D. Create one Amazon EMR cluster for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each cluster that uses server-side
encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) to encrypt the data.
Comments
SBoksh 10 months, 3 weeks ago
Selected Answer: B
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ReleaseGuide/emr-s3a.html
upvoted 1 times
bora4motion 1 year, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: D
I am tempted to go with C but does it support CSE-KMS ?
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Option C is the best solution because it uses AWS Glue for serverless ETL processing and CSE-KMS for end-to-end encryption using customer-
specific keys
upvoted 3 times
sOI852POL 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS Glue for ETL, then AWS KMS (CSE-KMS)
upvoted 4 times
TewatiaAmit 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS Glue with client-side encryption using AWS KMS (CSE-KMS) provides the required pre-processing encryption with minimal operational effort.
upvoted 2 times
blehbleh 1 year, 8 months ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (89%)
5%
Selected Answer: C
It’s C gotta use glue and since it’s before the company stores the data in Amazon S3 gotta be client side.
upvoted 4 times
blehbleh 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I say C, aws glue reduces the operational management uses server side encryption and ins which allows for user specific keys.
upvoted 4 times