A digital image processing company wants to migrate its on-premises monolithic application to the AWS Cloud. The company
processes thousands of images and generates large files as part of the processing workflow.
The company needs a solution to manage the growing number of image processing jobs. The solution must also reduce the
manual tasks in the image processing workflow. The company does not want to manage the underlying infrastructure of the
solution.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with Amazon EC2 Spot Instances to process the images. Configure
Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to orchestrate the workflow. Store the processed files in Amazon Elastic File
System (Amazon EFS).
B. Use AWS Batch jobs to process the images. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate the workflow. Store the processed files in
an Amazon S3 bucket. Most Voted
C. Use AWS Lambda functions and Amazon EC2 Spot Instances to process the images. Store the processed files in Amazon FSx.
D. Deploy a group of Amazon EC2 instances to process the images. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate the workflow. Store
the processed files in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume.
Comments
MortisG 1 year ago
Selected Answer: B
All other options require managing infrastructure. AWS Batch handles the processing and Step Fuctions the workflow. Best solutions for what´s
solicited.
upvoted 1 times
Ell89 1 year, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B- because all other answers mention EC2 which goes against the company not wanting to manage the underlying infrastructure.
upvoted 2 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A & C - Spot Instances are cost-effective but are subject to interruptions. "The solution must also reduce the manual tasks."
B - AWS Batch is a fully managed service for batch processing, ideal for workloads like image processing. It scales automatically, handles job
scheduling, and eliminates the need to manage infrastructure. Step Functions provides robust orchestration with built-in support for retries, error
handling, and dependencies, reducing manual tasks in the workflow.
D - Using EC2 instances requires managing the underlying infrastructure. Also, EBS is not as scalable or cost-effective as S3 when you want to store
large, growing numbers of files.
upvoted 3 times
trinh_le 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) complexity
C. Amazon FSx is not an ideal compared to s3
D. Use a group of Amazon EC2 instances do not scalable
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)
aragon_saa 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer is B
upvoted 4 times