A solutions architect needs to connect a company's corporate network to its VPC to allow on-premises access to its AWS
resources. The solution must provide encryption of all traffic between the corporate network and the VPC at the network layer and
the session layer. The solution also must provide security controls to prevent unrestricted access between AWS and the on-
premises systems.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Configure AWS Direct Connect to connect to the VPC. Configure the VPC route tables to allow and deny traffic between
AWS and on premises as required.
B. Create an IAM policy to allow access to the AWS Management Console only from a defined set of corporate IP addresses.
Restrict user access based on job responsibility by using an IAM policy and roles.
C. Configure AWS Site-to-Site VPN to connect to the VPConfigure route table entries to direct traffic from on premises to the
VPConfigure instance security groups and network ACLs to allow only required traffic from on premises. Most Voted
D. Configure AWS Transit Gateway to connect to the VPC. Configure route table entries to direct traffic from on premises to the
VPC. Configure instance security groups and network ACLs to allow only required traffic from on premises.
Comments
Abbas_Abi_AWS Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS Direct Connect does not provide encryption by itself; it is often used in conjunction with VPN for encrypted traffic. Direct Connect primarily
offers a dedicated connection and does not inherently satisfy the encryption requirement.
upvoted 8 times
LeonSauveterre Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A - Direct Connect provides private connectivity but does not inherently include encryption.
B - IAM policies is irrelevent.
C - AWS Site-to-Site VPN uses IPsec (network layer) and SSL/TLS (session layer) to encrypt all traffic between the on-premises network and the AWS
VPC.
D - Just like option A.
upvoted 3 times
Anyio 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The correct answer is C. Configure AWS Site-to-Site VPN to connect to the VPC. Configure route table entries to direct traffic from on premises to the
VPC. Configure instance security groups and network ACLs to allow only required traffic from on premises.
Explanation:
Option C: Correct. AWS Site-to-Site VPN offers encrypted network connections over the internet, providing encryption of all traffic at the network
layer (IPsec) between the on-premises network and the VPC. Moreover, by using route tables, security groups, and network ACLs, you can carefully
control the flow of traffic and restrict access, thereby meeting the requirement of preventing unrestricted access.
upvoted 3 times
blehbleh 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
This is C, but not for all the reasons everyone is posting. D, also encrypts traffic and works at the network layer and also has security controls to
prevent unrestricted access between AWS and on-premises systems.
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (96%)
4%
So, if you thought D like I did initially you were very close. The reason it is C, is because C works at both the network and session layer while doing al
the other requirements as well. Where as D only works at the network layer.
Happy studying!
upvoted 4 times
komorebi 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Answer is D
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Inter-Region gateway peering uses the same network infrastructure as VPC peering. Therefore traffic is encrypted using AES-256 encryption at the
virtual network layer as it travels between Regions. Traffic is also encrypted using AES-256 encryption at the physical layer when it traverses network
links that are outside of the physical control of AWS. As a result, traffic is double encrypted on network links outside the physical control of AWS.
Within the same Region, traffic is encrypted at the physical layer only when it traverses network links that are outside of the physical control of AWS
upvoted 1 times
JunsK1e 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C is correct question needs to access between on prem and AWS
upvoted 4 times