A company has developed a non-production application that is composed of multiple microservices for each of the company's
business units. A single development team maintains all the microservices.
The current architecture uses a static web frontend and a Java-based backend that contains the application logic. The architecture
also uses a MySQL database that the company hosts on an Amazon EC2 instance.
The company needs to ensure that the application is secure and available globally.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use Amazon CloudFront and AWS Amplify to host the static web frontend. Refactor the microservices to use AWS Lambda
functions that the microservices access by using Amazon API Gateway. Migrate the MySQL database to an Amazon EC2
Reserved Instance.
B. Use Amazon CloudFront and Amazon S3 to host the static web frontend. Refactor the microservices to use AWS Lambda
functions that the microservices access by using Amazon API Gateway. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for
MySQL. Most Voted
C. Use Amazon CloudFront and Amazon S3 to host the static web frontend. Refactor the microservices to use AWS Lambda
functions that are in a target group behind a Network Load Balancer. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for MySQL.
D. Use Amazon S3 to host the static web frontend. Refactor the microservices to use AWS Lambda functions that are in a target
group behind an Application Load Balancer. Migrate the MySQL database to an Amazon EC2 Reserved Instance.
Comments
kaleido 1 year ago
Selected Answer: B
NLB does not support lambda function as target, thus C is incorrect.
upvoted 2 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer is B
upvoted 2 times
komorebi 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer is B
upvoted 3 times
swati1508 1 year, 10 months ago
Answer is D
upvoted 1 times
swati1508 1 year, 10 months ago
B is correct sorry
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)