A company runs an on-premises application on a Kubernetes cluster. The company recently added millions of new customers. The
company's existing on-premises infrastructure is unable to handle the large number of new customers. The company needs to
migrate the on-premises application to the AWS Cloud.
The company will migrate to an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster. The company does not want to manage
the underlying compute infrastructure for the new architecture on AWS.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use a self-managed node to supply compute capacity. Deploy the application to the new EKS cluster.
B. Use managed node groups to supply compute capacity. Deploy the application to the new EKS cluster.
C. Use AWS Fargate to supply compute capacity. Create a Fargate profile. Use the Fargate profile to deploy the application.
Most Voted
D. Use managed node groups with Karpenter to supply compute capacity. Deploy the application to the new EKS cluster.
Comments
Razvan_C Highly Voted 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
"The company does not want to manage the underlying compute infrastructure for the new architecture on AWS" => Serverless => Fargate
upvoted 7 times
FlyingHawk Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
With Fargate, you don’t have to provision, configure, or scale groups of virtual machines on your own to run containers. You also don’t need to
choose server types, decide when to scale your node groups, or optimize cluster packing.
A Fargate profile is used to specify which Kubernetes pods should run on Fargate. By creating a Fargate profile, you can ensure that your application
runs on Fargate without needing to manage node groups or EC2 instances.
upvoted 2 times
elmyth 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Fargate
upvoted 3 times
viejito 1 year, 8 months ago
Respuesta correcta C = AWS Fargate = menor sobrecarga operativa. A, B y D tienen gestión de infraestructura.
upvoted 2 times
viejito 1 year, 8 months ago
Respuesta correcta C = AWS Fargate = menor sobrecarga operativa . A , B y C tienen gestión de infraestructura .
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)