A company that is in the ap-northeast-1 Region has a fleet of thousands of AWS Outposts servers. The company has deployed the
servers at remote locations around the world. All the servers regularly download new software versions that consist of 100 files.
There is significant latency before all servers run the new software versions.
The company must reduce the deployment latency for new software versions.
Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket in ap-northeast-1. Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution in ap-northeast-1 that includes a
CachingDisabled cache policy. Configure the S3 bucket as the origin. Download the software by using signed URLs.
B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket in ap-northeast-1. Create a second S3 bucket in the us-east-1 Region. Configure replication
between the buckets. Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution that uses ap-northeast-1 as the primary origin and us-east-1
as the secondary origin. Download the software by using signed URLs.
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket in ap-northeast-1. Configure Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration. Download the software by
using the S3 Transfer Acceleration endpoint.
D. Create an Amazon S3 bucket in ap-northeast-1. Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Configure the S3 bucket as the
origin. Download the software by using signed URLs. Most Voted
Comments
JoeTromundo Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
By setting up a CloudFront distribution with the S3 bucket as the origin, the software versions can be cached at edge locations close to the remote
AWS Outposts servers. This reduces the latency of downloading new software versions because the servers can access the content from the nearest
CloudFront edge location instead of downloading it directly from the S3 bucket in the ap-northeast-1 Region.
About option C: S3 Transfer Acceleration optimizes the upload and download of files to S3 by routing through optimized network paths. However, it
is primarily designed to improve performance when transferring data over long distances to S3 (uploads). It does not provide the same level of
global caching and latency reduction as CloudFront for large-scale distribution.
upvoted 7 times
ashishs174 Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Option C is correct.
Option D brings additional overhead in terms of setting up, so opted out.
Also from google : If you want to download software quickly from a large distance, you should generally use S3 Transfer Acceleration to download
from your S3 bucket, as it leverages Amazon's global edge network to significantly speed up long-distance data transfers, making it ideal for large
file downloads across continents; while CloudFront is better suited for delivering smaller content like website assets to users globally, where faster
response times and caching are critical
upvoted 6 times
ln2718 Most Recent 9 months, 2 weeks ago
Selected Answer: D
But you will need to configure for caching issues...
Best practice: Immutable objects + versioned paths (no invalidations)
Name files by version (or content hash) and never overwrite:
s3://updates/myapp/1.2.3/bin/fileA
s3://updates/myapp/1.2.3/bin/fileB
Publish a tiny manifest (e.g., latest.json) that tells clients which version to fetch:
{ "version": "1.2.3", "files": ["bin/fileA","bin/fileB", ...] }
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (68%)
C (27%)
5%
Set short TTL or Cache-Control: max-age=60 on the manifest so Outposts servers quickly see the new version.
Set long TTL on the versioned files (they never change), maximizing cache hit ratio.
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Using Amazon CloudFront as a global content delivery network (CDN) caches software updates closer to the remote Outposts servers at AWS edge
locations. This significantly reduces latency compared to downloading files directly from S3.
✔ Global Acceleration – CloudFront caches the software in edge locations worldwide, reducing latency for remote locations.
✔ Efficient Distribution – Servers in different regions fetch files from the closest CloudFront edge cache instead of always pulling from ap-northeast-
1.
✔ Signed URLs for Security – Ensures only authorized servers can download the software.
✔ Low Operational Overhead – No need for replication, manual distribution, or complex networking setups.
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
C. S3 Transfer Acceleration ❌ Improves upload speed but does not help with global caching. Each Outpost server still downloads directly from ap-
northeast-1, causing high latency.
upvoted 1 times
dfgdsfgfdgreg 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Including "global" makes CloudFront stand out as the obvious choice. But S3 global acceleration requires the least operational overhead while also
assisting with latency issues. The mention of hundreds of files also points towards s3 acceleration.
upvoted 1 times
Salilgen 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
IMO answer is C.
A is out because disabling caching, it involves higher latency than C
B is out because it doesn't meet the requirements: adds complexity without significant latency reduction
D meets the requirements but it requires more operational overhead than C
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A - CachingDisabled is the polar opposite of our goal.
B - CloudFront with dual-region origins adds unnecessary complexity without significant latency reduction.
C - Faster upload/download speeds compared to direct S3 access, but the distribution latency is still there!
D - Looks good. Just one small thing: files may take a little longer to propagate to edge locations initially, but this can be mitigated by configuring an
appropriate cache invalidation policy. Once cached at edge locations, subsequent downloads would be much faster.
upvoted 1 times
deacon967 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C : all other options use CloudFront. CloudFront is a CDN, not needed for software download.
upvoted 1 times
RamanAgarwal 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Should use S3 Transfer acceleration to avoid CF setup overhead. It will help with improving download speed
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
What about A?
1. Minimized operational overhead:
This option provides the least operational overhead because it only requires setting up a single S3 bucket and a CloudFront distribution in the same
region (ap-northeast-1), with a simple configuration to disable caching on the CloudFront distribution, ensuring fresh software updates are always
delivered to Outposts servers.
2. Reduced latency:
By using a CloudFront distribution with a CachingDisabled policy, the software updates will be delivered from the closest edge location to each
Outpost server, significantly reducing latency due to geographical proximity.
3. Signed URLs for security:
Using signed URLs ensures that only authorized users can access the software updates, enhancing security.
upvoted 1 times
dhewa 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
This approach leverages the global presence of CloudFront to minimize latency and simplifies the deployment process, reducing operational
overhead.
upvoted 2 times
nebajp 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct answer is C
Because for new software version we do not use Cloudfront,
upvoted 2 times
pelrock 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: D
The question asks for the solution with the least operational overhead. Option D has minimal setup and maintenance requirements, as CloudFront is
a managed service that handles caching and distribution across the globe, reducing latency without requiring additional configurations or services.
upvoted 3 times