A company is developing machine learning (ML) models on AWS. The company is developing the ML models as independent
microservices. The microservices fetch approximately 1 GB of model data from Amazon S3 at startup and load the data into
memory. Users access the ML models through an asynchronous API. Users can send a request or a batch of requests.
The company provides the ML models to hundreds of users. The usage patterns for the models are irregular. Some models are not
used for days or weeks. Other models receive batches of thousands of requests at a time.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Direct the requests from the API to a Network Load Balancer (NLB). Deploy the ML models as AWS Lambda functions that
the NLB will invoke. Use auto scaling to scale the Lambda functions based on the traffic that the NLB receives.
B. Direct the requests from the API to an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Deploy the ML models as Amazon Elastic Container
Service (Amazon ECS) services that the ALB will invoke. Use auto scaling to scale the ECS cluster instances based on the traffic
that the ALB receives.
C. Direct the requests from the API into an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Deploy the ML models as
AWS Lambda functions that SQS events will invoke. Use auto scaling to increase the number of vCPUs for the Lambda
functions based on the size of the SQS queue.
D. Direct the requests from the API into an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Deploy the ML models as
Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) services that read from the queue. Use auto scaling for Amazon ECS to scale
both the cluster capacity and number of the services based on the size of the SQS queue. Most Voted
Comments
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Given that the problem statement does not specify the processing time, Option D (ECS) is the safer choice because it does not have the same
limitations as Lambda(cold start and 15 ,minutes execution). However, if the processing time is short and cold starts are acceptable, Option C
(Lambda) could also be a cost-effective solution.
upvoted 2 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A - Lambda has a cold start latency. There are ways to optimize that (like the environment variable config which I actually did when I used Lambda
once), but loading 1GB into memory is still too much.
B - Using ALB makes handling sudden bursts of traffic even more challenging.
C - Just like A if I'm correct.
D - Each ML model needs to load 1 GB of model data at startup ==> Containers in ECS are well-suited for this because they provide persistent
execution environments that avoid the overhead of reloading the model data frequently.
upvoted 1 times
RamanAgarwal 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Since AWS Lambda supports 1GB of memory and can be scaled seamlessly, the ans should be C. Question says a lot of APIs are not used frequently
so keeping them in ECS will result in higher costs. Also these are async operations means the response is not time bound hence we can wait for
lambda to startup and scale up based on the size of the SQS queue.
upvoted 2 times
kbgsgsgs 1 year, 8 months ago
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (43%)
B (29%)
C (29%)
Selected Answer: B
Why should I use SQS in option D? Wouldn't ALB be enough?
upvoted 2 times
Sergantus 1 year, 6 months ago
It's talking about accessing models through an asynchronous API, so decoupling is needed (SQS)
upvoted 1 times