A company needs to design a hybrid network architecture. The company's workloads are currently stored in the AWS Cloud and in
on-premises data centers. The workloads require single-digit latencies to communicate. The company uses an AWS Transit
Gateway transit gateway to connect multiple VPCs.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose two.)
A. Establish an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection to each VPC.
B. Associate an AWS Direct Connect gateway with the transit gateway that is attached to the VPCs. Most Voted
C. Establish an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection to an AWS Direct Connect gateway.
D. Establish an AWS Direct Connect connection. Create a transit virtual interface (VIF) to a Direct Connect gateway. Most Voted
E. Associate AWS Site-to-Site VPN connections with the transit gateway that is attached to the VPCs.
Comments
LeonSauveterre Highly Voted 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
A little memo for me. Hope it'll be helpful for you as well.
1. VPN Connection: For secure, encrypted traffic between on-premises and AWS over the public internet. ==> Relies on public internet (higher
latency)
2. Direct Connect: For dedicated private network connectivity between on-premises and AWS (like data centers with large workloads). ==> Higher
cost, longer setup time.
3. PrivateLink: For secure private connectivity to AWS services or third-party services (like Salesforce) within AWS. ==> Simple setup but limited to
services configured with PrivateLink (not general connectivity).
4. VPC Peering: For direct connectivity between two AWS VPCs (like multi-account or region scenarios). ==> Does not support transitive connections
not suitable for external services like Salesforce.
upvoted 6 times
MSAM16 Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
BD is correct
upvoted 2 times
jingen11 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: BE
Question asked about cheapest. D is not cheap
upvoted 1 times
Sergantus 1 year, 6 months ago
Single-digit latency is required
upvoted 3 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: BD
BD is correct
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: BD
Community vote distribution
BD (92%)
8%