A global ecommerce company uses a monolithic architecture. The company needs a solution to manage the increasing volume of
product data. The solution must be scalable and have a modular service architecture. The company needs to maintain its
structured database schemas. The company also needs a storage solution to store product data and product images.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use an Amazon EC2 instance in an Auto Scaling group to deploy a containerized application. Use an Application Load
Balancer to distribute web traffic. Use an Amazon RDS DB instance to store product data and product images.
B. Use AWS Lambda functions to manage the existing monolithic application. Use Amazon DynamoDB to store product data
and product images. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) for event-driven communication between the
Lambda functions.
C. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with an Amazon EC2 deployment to deploy a containerized
application. Use an Amazon Aurora cluster to store the product data. Use AWS Step Functions to manage workflows. Store the
product images in Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
D. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate to deploy a containerized application. Use Amazon
RDS with a Multi-AZ deployment to store the product data. Store the product images in an Amazon S3 bucket. Most Voted
Comments
LeonSauveterre Highly Voted 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Based on my personal experience, "monolith" or "monolithic" is almost always ECS + Fargate. For your reference only ;)
upvoted 7 times
trinh_le Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Keyword scalable. So must use serverless like lambda or fargate (B or D)
Keyword modular => ECS => D
upvoted 1 times
GOTJ 1 year, 4 months ago
I think you are taking "modular" in the wrong way. I think they mean "modular" as an alternative to "monolithic". In other words, "modular" -->
"Micro services" --> ECS/EKS
upvoted 1 times
martinadurcakova1 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D is right
upvoted 2 times
dhewa 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: D
D gives us a server-less solution which is what we want.
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (93%)
7%