A solutions architect is designing the cloud architecture for a new stateless application that will be deployed on AWS. The
solutions architect created an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) and launch template for the application.
Based on the number of jobs that need to be processed, the processing must run in parallel while adding and removing
application Amazon EC2 instances as needed. The application must be loosely coupled. The job items must be durably stored.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to send the jobs that need to be processed. Create an
Auto Scaling group by using the launch template with the scaling policy set to add and remove EC2 instances based on CPU
usage.
B. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue to hold the jobs that need to be processed. Create an Auto
Scaling group by using the launch template with the scaling policy set to add and remove EC2 instances based on network
usage.
C. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue to hold the jobs that need to be processed. Create an Auto
Scaling group by using the launch template with the scaling policy set to add and remove EC2 instances based on the number
of items in the SQS queue. Most Voted
D. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to send the jobs that need to be processed. Create an
Auto Scaling group by using the launch template with the scaling policy set to add and remove EC2 instances based on the
number of messages published to the SNS topic.
Comments
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
SQS for sure, but I actually swaying between B and C. After a while, I can say now I'm sure that scaling based on network usage doesn't directly have
anything to do with the number of jobs in the queue. Or worse, this could result in burst-caused downtime or other poor scaling decisions.
upvoted 3 times
dhewa 1 year, 9 months ago
Answer is C: SQS is your first cue then scaling based on the number of requests
upvoted 3 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)