A company currently stores 5 TB of data in on-premises block storage systems. The company's current storage solution provides
limited space for additional data. The company runs applications on premises that must be able to retrieve frequently accessed
data with low latency. The company requires a cloud-based storage solution.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?
A. Use Amazon S3 File Gateway. Integrate S3 File Gateway with the on-premises applications to store and directly retrieve files
by using the SMB file system.
B. Use an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway with cached volumes as iSCSI targets. Most Voted
C. Use an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway with stored volumes as iSCSI targets.
D. Use an AWS Storage Gateway Tape Gateway. Integrate Tape Gateway with the on-premises applications to store virtual tapes
in Amazon S3.
Comments
sOI852POL Highly Voted 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Question says, "Apps must be able to retrieve frequently accessed data with low latency" so we go with cached volumes.
We'd have chosen the stored volumes if question was about low-latency access to the entire dataset.
upvoted 12 times
FlyingHawk Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B- Cached volumes store only the most frequently accessed data on-premises, while the full dataset is stored in Amazon S3. This ensures low-latency
access to frequently accessed data while leveraging the scalability and durability of S3 for the full dataset.
C - Stored volumes store the entire dataset on-premises and asynchronously back it up to AWS. This option does not address the company’s
requirement for limited on-premises storage capacity.
upvoted 2 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
A - S3 File Gateway provides file-based storage (SMB or NFS) and is not suitable for block storage requirements.
D - Tape Gateway is designed for backup and archival use cases, not for low-latency access to frequently accessed data. It uses virtual tapes stored
in S3 and is not suitable for block storage or real-time application access.
upvoted 2 times
EllenLiu 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
choose store volume mode
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Stored volumes store the entire dataset on-premises and asynchronously back it up to AWS. This option does not address the company’s
requirement for limited on-premises storage capacity, as it requires storing the full dataset locally.
upvoted 1 times
8621a7c 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Block storage use volume gateway, low latency use store volumes.
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (82%)
C (18%)
viejito 1 year, 8 months ago
Respuesta correcta B . Baja latencia = Elastic Cache . A , C y D no cumplen un acceso con baja latencia ( descartados ) .
upvoted 3 times