A company is migrating an application from an on-premises environment to AWS. The application will store sensitive data in
Amazon S3. The company must encrypt the data before storing the data in Amazon S3.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Encrypt the data by using client-side encryption with customer managed keys. Most Voted
B. Encrypt the data by using server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS).
C. Encrypt the data by using server-side encryption with customer-provided keys (SSE-C).
D. Encrypt the data by using client-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys.
Comments
asosa_adorati 11 months, 3 weeks ago
Selected Answer: D
For D is the answer...where it says the customer has their owns keys??? Here it is the explanation...
Client-side encryption with Amazon S3 involves encrypting data on the client-side (your application) before uploading it to Amazon S3. This provides
an extra layer of security as the data is encrypted before it ever leaves your control. When using S3 managed keys for client-side encryption, the key
material and encryption key are managed by AWS, but the encryption process itself is handled by the S3 Encryption Client within your application
upvoted 2 times
Cpso 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Question is unclear. "before" store= before send api or before save?
upvoted 2 times
Tygrins 1 year, 7 months ago
To meet the requirement of encrypting sensitive data before storing it in Amazon S3, the company should use Server-Side Encryption with Customer
Provided Keys (SSE-C) or Client-Side Encryption. However, the most common and effective approach in AWS is Server-Side Encryption with AWS Key
Management Service (SSE-KMS).
upvoted 1 times
JoeTromundo 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
If the answer is B, how will the data be encrypted before being stored in Amazon S3? It has to be client-side encryption.
upvoted 2 times
dhewa 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
AWS handles the encryption and decryption process, simplifying the management of encryption keys.
upvoted 1 times
George1990 1 year, 10 months ago
Correct is A
upvoted 3 times
JunsK1e 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Before you store the data in S3 you can use client side encryption
upvoted 4 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (73%)
D (18%)
9%