A company has an application that runs on an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster on Amazon EC2 instances.
The application has a UI that uses Amazon DynamoDB and data services that use Amazon S3 as part of the application
deployment.
The company must ensure that the EKS Pods for the UI can access only Amazon DynamoDB and that the EKS Pods for the data
services can access only Amazon S3. The company uses AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).
Which solution meals these requirements?
A. Create separate IAM policies for Amazon S3 and DynamoDB access with the required permissions. Attach both IAM policies
to the EC2 instance profile. Use role-based access control (RBAC) to control access to Amazon S3 or DynamoDB for the
respective EKS Pods.
B. Create separate IAM policies for Amazon S3 and DynamoDB access with the required permissions. Attach the Amazon S3
IAM policy directly to the EKS Pods for the data services and the DynamoDB policy to the EKS Pods for the UI.
C. Create separate Kubernetes service accounts for the UI and data services to assume an IAM role. Attach the
AmazonS3FullAccess policy to the data services account and the AmazonDynamoDBFullAccess policy to the UI service
account. Most Voted
D. Create separate Kubernetes service accounts for the UI and data services to assume an IAM role. Use IAM Role for Service
Accounts (IRSA) to provide access to the EKS Pods for the UI to Amazon S3 and the EKS Pods for the data services to
DynamoDB.
Comments
jingen11 Highly Voted 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/service-accounts.html#service-accounts-iam
upvoted 9 times
LeonSauveterre Highly Voted 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A - This is a major security flaw. All Pods running on the EC2 instances would inherit both the S3 and DynamoDB permissions.
B - Directly attaching IAM policies to Pods is not a valid AWS mechanism. You should use roles.
C - Not recommended unless we throw least privilege principles to the wind. BUT this is the only feasible option here, so.
D - This option mixes up the permissions. It gives UI Pods access to S3 and data service Pods access to DynamoDB, which is the OPPOSITE of the
requirement.
upvoted 7 times
je33 Most Recent 8 months, 1 week ago
Selected Answer: D
Option C's FullAccess policy violates the principle of least privilege due to excessive permissions.
upvoted 2 times
je33 8 months, 1 week ago
I was mistaken. D has the wrong permissions assigned.
upvoted 1 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (69%)
D (31%)
Selected Answer: C
IRSA allows Kubernetes service accounts to assume IAM roles, enabling fine-grained access control for EKS Pods. This ensures that each Pod can
access only the AWS resources it needs.
Attach the AmazonDynamoDBFullAccess policy to the service account for the UI Pods, allowing them to access only DynamoDB.
Attach the AmazonS3FullAccess policy to the service account for the data services Pods, allowing them to access only S3.
upvoted 4 times
BugsyWarribwoy 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
D is sneakily WRONG because it swaps the services incorrectly. Pay attention. UWC.
upvoted 6 times
GOTJ 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Even though there are a couple of comments rightfully discarding "D" because the UI --> S3/DataServices --> DynamoDB swap, I found an AWS
document claiming that Kubernetes Service accounts and IAM Role for Service Accounts combination should be the right answer:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html
Having this in mind, I'm also discarding "D" (right reasoning, wrong scenario), as well "A" and "B". I didn't like the "full access" policy, but is
technically correct, so my vote goes to "C"
upvoted 3 times
trinh_le 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
* A. Attach both IAM policies to the EC2 instance profile. Does not separate each EKS Pod
* B. Aws does not support Attach the Amazon S3 IAM policy directly to the EKS Pods
*
* D. provide access “UI to Amazon S3” and “data services to DynamoDB” => it does not meet requirements
upvoted 3 times
rosanna 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The answer is C as they're switching data pods with DynamoDB service and vice versa (configure the wrong resources)
upvoted 2 times
tm1000000 1 year, 7 months ago
answer is D
upvoted 1 times