A company has an internal application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. The EC2 instances are
compute optimized and use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes.
The company wants to identify cost optimizations across the EC2 instances, the Auto Scaling group, and the EBS volumes.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?
A. Create a new AWS Cost and Usage Report. Search the report for cost recommendations for the EC2 instances the Auto
Scaling group, and the EBS volumes.
B. Create new Amazon CloudWatch billing alerts. Check the alert statuses for cost recommendations for the EC2 instances, the
Auto Scaling group, and the EBS volumes.
C. Configure AWS Compute Optimizer for cost recommendations for the EC2 instances, the Auto Scaling group and the EBS
volumes. Most Voted
D. Configure AWS Compute Optimizer for cost recommendations for the EC2 instances. Create a new AWS Cost and Usage
Report. Search the report for cost recommendations for the Auto Scaling group and the EBS volumes.
Comments
Sarayounisaldossary 1 year, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: C
the question here focuses on (COST Optimization)
- AWS Cost and Usage Report is the most detailed report that shows your AWS usage and charges.
- cloudwatch is only for setting alerts based on setting policies-
- would go right-away with AWS compute Optimizer because this service gives recommendations to optimize your compute resources (like EC2,
Lambda, etc.) for better performance and lower cost.
which is C and D
BUT when reading D choice there's nothing wrong with AWS Cost and Usage report but why would i make it more complex to get the cost
optimization? AWS compute Optimizer is more than enough which is C option
upvoted 1 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Go with Option C for the most efficient and straightforward solution for sure. Just one more thing: AWS Compute Optimizer doesn’t provide cost
data directly (such as detailed dollar amounts), so supplementing it with AWS Cost Explorer or Trusted Advisor is a good practice for deeper cost
analysis.
upvoted 2 times
komorebi 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Answer is C
upvoted 2 times
example_ 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)
https://aws.amazon.com/compute-optimizer/
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/compute-optimizer/latest/ug/what-is-compute-optimizer.html
upvoted 4 times