A company is creating a prototype of an ecommerce website on AWS. The website consists of an Application Load Balancer, an
Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances for web servers, and an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance that runs with the
Single-AZ configuration.
The website is slow to respond during searches of the product catalog. The product catalog is a group of tables in the MySQL
database that the company does not update frequently. A solutions architect has determined that the CPU utilization on the DB
instance is high when product catalog searches occur.
What should the solutions architect recommend to improve the performance of the website during searches of the product
catalog?
A. Migrate the product catalog to an Amazon Redshift database. Use the COPY command to load the product catalog tables.
B. Implement an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster to cache the product catalog. Use lazy loading to populate the cache.
Most Voted
C. Add an additional scaling policy to the Auto Scaling group to launch additional EC2 instances when database response is
slow.
D. Turn on the Multi-AZ configuration for the DB instance. Configure the EC2 instances to throttle the product catalog queries
that are sent to the database.
Comments
aragon_saa Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer is B
upvoted 7 times
LeonSauveterre Highly Voted 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - For transactional or low-latency queries like product catalog searches in an ecommerce website, Redshift is not suitable because it's a data
warehouse solution optimized for analytical queries.
B - ElastiCache for Redis is a highly performant, in-memory caching service that can significantly reduce database load by caching frequent queries.
C - Adding more web servers can't help alleviate the load on the database. The database remains the bottleneck for product catalog queries.
D - If you turn on throttle queries, customers may gradually ask for a refund :) Let's get rid of the bad things in database instead of user experience.
BTW, what Lazy Loading means: Data is added to the cache only when requested. If not found in the cache, it is fetched from the database and
added to the cache for subsequent requests.
upvoted 6 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (100%)