A company hosts a website analytics application on a single Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instance. The analytics application is highly
resilient and is designed to run in stateless mode.
The company notices that the application is showing signs of performance degradation during busy times and is presenting 5xx
errors. The company needs to make the application scale seamlessly.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the web application. Use the AMI to launch a second EC2 On-Demand Instance.
Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute the load across the two EC2 instances.
B. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the web application. Use the AMI to launch a second EC2 On-Demand Instance.
Use Amazon Route 53 weighted routing to distribute the load across the two EC2 instances.
C. Create an AWS Lambda function to stop the EC2 instance and change the instance type. Create an Amazon CloudWatch
alarm to invoke the Lambda function when CPU utilization is more than 75%.
D. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the web application. Apply the AMI to a launch template. Create an Auto
Scaling group that includes the launch template. Configure the launch template to use a Spot Fleet. Attach an Application
Load Balancer to the Auto Scaling group. Most Voted
Comments
ln2718 9 months, 2 weeks ago
Selected Answer: A
So, for the test the answer is D, but for real-life there's a possibility that the spot instances could all be terminated and although the app is stateless
and resilient the application is down and you could be looking for another job.
As such, I worked through the other options with AI and the next best answer was A although it cannot scale, but at least it's closer to real world.
Though A costs a bit more, it's relative to the loss in revenue from the fallout of having the application periodically down and losing customers. Just
an FYI, you would never do answer D in real life, but would opt for an on-demand or reserved instances instead with similar configuration.
It's funny that the answers are loaded so you can pick the "obvious" one, but to make them such, a comprehensive analysis cannot always be applied
of course.
upvoted 3 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: D
A - This can't scale automatically during peak times.
B - Weighted routing is not ideal for seamless scaling because it requires manual intervention to adjust weights or add new instances.
C - It introduces downtime during instance type changes, let alone scaling.
D - (1) ASG dynamically adjusts the number of instances based on demand. (2) Spot Instances reduces costs significantly compared to On-Demand
Instances. (3) ALB + ASG ensures efficient traffic routing to healthy instances.
upvoted 3 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
3 reasons why I will choose Option D:
1. Scalability: Auto Scaling groups are designed to automatically scale up or down the number of instances based on demand, which is ideal for
handling fluctuating traffic during busy periods.
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (75%)
A (25%)
2. Cost-effectiveness: Using a Spot Fleet allows you to leverage unused EC2 capacity at significantly lower costs compared to On-Demand instances.
3. Stateless Application: Since the application is stateless, it can easily be scaled horizontally with multiple instances behind an Application Load
Balancer without any data consistency issues
upvoted 2 times
Razvan_C 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
With auto scalling group it can also scale down on low demand (costs saved)
upvoted 4 times