A company wants to use an AWS CloudFormation stack for its application in a test environment. The company stores the
CloudFormation template in an Amazon S3 bucket that blocks public access. The company wants to grant CloudFormation access
to the template in the S3 bucket based on specific user requests to create the test environment. The solution must follow security
best practices.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Configure the CloudFormation stack to use the S3 object URL.
B. Create an Amazon API Gateway REST API that has the S3 bucket as the target. Configure the CloudFormation stack to use
the API Gateway URL.
C. Create a presigned URL for the template object. Configure the CloudFormation stack to use the presigned URL. Most Voted
D. Allow public access to the template object in the S3 bucket. Block the public access after the test environment is created.
Comments
AnasAWS Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ShareObjectPreSignedURL.html
upvoted 6 times
blehbleh 1 year, 9 months ago
Thank you for posting this.
upvoted 2 times
Dantecito Most Recent 1 year, 3 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C. Not the most secure but the only that works.
A. Cloudformation is a regional service so is outside the vpc and gateway VPC endpoint only works inside a VPC.
B. Doesn't do anything, we need a lambda between api gateway and cloudformation.
D. public access is a no.
upvoted 2 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: A
OptionA the gateway endpoint for S3 provides private access to the S3 template, aligns with security best practices, and incurs no additional costs.
Option C (presigned URLs) potentially exposing the template to the public internet, even if temporarily. You only use C for the following reasons If
you need a quick, temporary solution for granting access to the template.
If you are not using a VPC or do not want to set up a VPC endpoint.
If the template is not highly sensitive and temporary public exposure is acceptable.
upvoted 2 times
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Given the requirement to follow security best practices, Option A (VPC Endpoint) is the better choice. While it requires slightly more effort to set up
initially, it provides a secure, private, and persistent solution that aligns with security best practices.
If development effort is a critical factor and the company is comfortable with the temporary public exposure of the template, Option C (Presigned
URL) can be considered as a quick and easy alternative.
upvoted 1 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (71%)
A (29%)
robotgeek 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
The question states "specific user requests" meaning a shared URL does not meet the requirement. BUT with gateway VPC endpoint you can specify
custom policies as in the following link
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/vpc-endpoints-access.html
upvoted 2 times
pujithacg8 1 year, 10 months ago
C, A presigned URL grants temporary access to an S3 object without making it publicly accessible.
upvoted 1 times
flaviobrf 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
For me C is the right answer
upvoted 2 times