A company is building an application on AWS. The application uses multiple AWS Lambda functions to retrieve sensitive data from
a single Amazon S3 bucket for processing. The company must ensure that only authorized Lambda functions can access the data.
The solution must comply with the principle of least privilege.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Grant full S3 bucket access to all Lambda functions through a shared IAM role.
B. Configure the Lambda functions to run within a VPC. Configure a bucket policy to grant access based on the Lambda
functions' VPC endpoint IP addresses.
C. Create individual IAM roles for each Lambda function. Grant the IAM roles access to the S3 bucket. Assign each IAM role as
the Lambda execution role for its corresponding Lambda function. Most Voted
D. Configure a bucket policy granting access to the Lambda functions based on their function ARNs.
Comments
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A - Full access? No!
B - Theoretically possible but IP-based policies are harder to manage and not as secure as IAM roles.
C - By creating separate IAM roles for each Lambda function, permissions can be narrowly scoped to each function's specific needs.
D - This would actually work. It's just that bucket policies based on function ARNs are less flexible and scalable compared to IAM roles, especially
when you need to manage permissions for multiple Lambda functions or add new functions.
upvoted 3 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Out of my instinct, least privilege leads to individually managing each function.
upvoted 1 times
56ce46c 1 year, 8 months ago
i think D is also right
S3 Bucket Policy: Use an S3 bucket policy that grants access to the specific Lambda functions based on their function ARNs. This ensures that only
the authorized Lambda functions can retrieve data from the S3 bucket.
upvoted 3 times
swati1508 1 year, 10 months ago
A, B and D wrong only C is right
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)