A streaming media company is rebuilding its infrastructure to accommodate increasing demand for video content that users
consume daily.
The company needs to process terabyte-sized videos to block some content in the videos. Video processing can take up to 20
minutes.
The company needs a solution that will scale with demand and remain cost-effective.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use AWS Lambda functions to process videos. Store video metadata in Amazon DynamoDB. Store video content in Amazon
S3 Intelligent-Tiering.
B. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) and AWS Fargate to implement microservices to process videos. Store
video metadata in Amazon Aurora. Store video content in Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering. Most Voted
C. Use Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) to process videos. Store
video content in Amazon S3 Standard. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) for queuing and to decouple
processing tasks.
D. Deploy a containerized video processing application on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) on Amazon EC2.
Store video metadata in Amazon RDS in a single Availability Zone. Store video content in Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
Comments
kbgsgsgs Highly Voted 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3 Intelligent-Tiering is cost-effective for storing large amounts of video content, and since Lambda doesn't work, shouldn't we consider serverless?
upvoted 8 times
LeonSauveterre Highly Voted 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - Video processing can take up to 20 minutes. So lambda is not suitable here.
B - Fargate allows running containers without managing EC2 instances, scaling automatically based on demand. Besides, S3 Intelligent-Tiering is
cost-effective for storing large video files.
C - I gotta say, the SQS is a really good choice here! It's just that S3 Standard is more expensive than S3 Intelligent-Tiering for large files, and that EC2
(even with Auto Scaling) requires managing the underlying infrastructure.
D - EKS is more complex to set up but the real issue is that RDS in a single Availability Zone introduces a single point of failure, so scalability and
reliability can't be met. Also, S3 Glacier Deep Archive is designed for long-term archival storage with high latency and not suitable for frequently
accessed video content.
upvoted 6 times
EllenLiu Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
it is a tough question.
terabyte-sized videos are difficult to process. we need to split the videos into chucks either with fargate or EC2.
seems DB is essential in this scenario as I have no idea how to get the videos out from s3 without metadata which should be stored into DB. So I
prefer B. SQS is used for peak clipping during burst periods.
upvoted 1 times
EllenLiu 1 year, 5 months ago
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (85%)
C (15%)
this the whole work flow for a ideal solution:
1.Upload: Users upload videos to CloudFront with origin S3.
2.Trigger: S3 sends an event notification to SQS.
3.EC2 instances poll the SQS queue and download and process Video files from S3
4.The processed video is uploaded to another S3 bucket, metadata is saved into Aurora
upvoted 1 times
78b9037 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
B and C are both possible but i decided for B because:
- Fargate provides serverless containers that scale automatically
- No infrastructure management is required
- Aurora provides high availability for metadata
- S3 Intelligent-Tiering optimizes storage costs automatically
- It is not tile limited like Lambda
On the other hand C requires more management overhead it is less cost-effective than containerized solutions, and need to manage EC2 instances
manually
upvoted 2 times
XXXXXlNN 1 year, 8 months ago
This is a tough one I would say. I wish B and C can combine. but I vote for B.
For B, it is more cost efficiency focus rather than decoupling the whole process for improving overall reliability.
For C, the use of SQS is perferct solution for the downside of option B. But EC2 comes in picture which increases the cost and operational complexity
How to pick then? lets go back to the question and see what it focuses - cost or operational compllexity and stability? It looks like it leans more on
focusing scalibility and cost-efficiency. In that case, I would go for B because fargate provides cost-efficiency and store just metadata in DB and the
rest data in S3 also provides a lower cost and improves its performance.
upvoted 2 times
XXXXXlNN 1 year, 8 months ago
Additionally, C also introduced ALB service in the picture, that increases the cost as well.
upvoted 2 times
blehbleh 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C makes the most sense out of the options and given requirements.
upvoted 1 times
hharbiordun85 1 year, 8 months ago
Answer: C
The question did not mention the application need to be containerized , i will choose C
upvoted 1 times
GOTJ 1 year, 4 months ago
But it mentioned "rebuilding its infrastructure", opening the door to a re-engineering process in which micro services can be applied
upvoted 2 times
blehbleh 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
I personally think C, I could be wrong.
upvoted 2 times