A company operates a food delivery service. Because of recent growth, the company's order processing system is experiencing
scaling problems during peak traffic hours. The current architecture includes Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group that
collect orders from an application. A second group of EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group fulfills the orders.
The order collection process occurs quickly, but the order fulfillment process can take longer. Data must not be lost because of a
scaling event.
A solutions architect must ensure that the order collection process and the order fulfillment process can both scale adequately
during peak traffic hours.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor the CPUUtilization metric for each instance in both Auto Scaling groups. Configure
each Auto Scaling group's minimum capacity to meet its peak workload value.
B. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor the CPUUtilization metric for each instance in both Auto Scaling groups. Configure a
CloudWatch alarm to invoke an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to create additional Auto Scaling
groups on demand.
C. Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues. Use one SQS queue for order collection. Use the
second SQS queue for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to poll their respective queues. Scale the Auto Scaling
groups based on notifications that the queues send.
D. Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues. Use one SQS queue for order collection. Use the
second SQS queue for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to poll their respective queues. Scale the Auto Scaling
groups based on the number of messages in each queue. Most Voted
Comments
sOI852POL Highly Voted 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
SQS to ensure data is not lost because of a scaling event, scale based on number of messages on the queue.
upvoted 5 times
8621a7c Most Recent 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Go with D
upvoted 2 times
aragon_saa 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
Answer is D
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: D
Community vote distribution
D (100%)