A company has a custom application with embedded credentials that retrieves information from a database in an Amazon RDS for
MySQL DB cluster. The company needs to make the application more secure with minimal programming effort. The company has
created credentials on the RDS for MySQL database for the application user.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Store the credentials in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Create keys in AWS KMS. Configure the application to
load the database credentials from AWS KMS. Enable automatic key rotation
B. Store the credentials in encrypted local storage. Configure the application to load the database credentials from the local
storage. Set up a credentials rotation schedule by creating a cron job.
C. Store the credentials in AWS Secrets Manager. Configure the application to load the database credentials from Secrets
Manager. Set up a credentials rotation schedule by creating an AWS Lambda function for Secrets Manager. Most Voted
D. Store the credentials in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Configure the application to load the database credentials
from Parameter Store. Set up a credentials rotation schedule in the RDS for MySQL database by using Parameter Store.
Comments
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
A - AWS KMS is used for encryption and key management, not for storing and rotating credentials themselves.
B - Why manually set up a cron job?
C - Securely stores and manages sensitive information such as credentials, and provides native support for automatic rotation.
D - Parameter Store doesn't provide automatic rotation.
upvoted 2 times
Anyio 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The correct answer is C. Store the credentials in AWS Secrets Manager. Configure the application to load the database credentials from Secrets
Manager. Set up a credentials rotation schedule by creating an AWS Lambda function for Secrets Manager.
Explanation:
Option C: Correct. AWS Secrets Manager is designed to securely store, manage, and retrieve database credentials. It supports automatic credentials
rotation for Amazon RDS databases with minimal programming effort. Secrets Manager can automatically rotate the Amazon RDS database
credentials using a built-in Lambda function, providing an integrated and secure solution for handling credentials.
upvoted 1 times
Omshanti 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
AWS Secret manager securely stores data base user id and passwords
upvoted 2 times
komorebi 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Answer is C
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (100%)