A company manages a data lake in an Amazon S3 bucket that numerous applications access. The S3 bucket contains a unique
prefix for each application. The company wants to restrict each application to its specific prefix and to have granular control of the
objects under each prefix.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Create dedicated S3 access points and access point policies for each application. Most Voted
B. Create an S3 Batch Operations job to set the ACL permissions for each object in the S3 bucket.
C. Replicate the objects in the S3 bucket to new S3 buckets for each application. Create replication rules by prefix.
D. Replicate the objects in the S3 bucket to new S3 buckets for each application. Create dedicated S3 access points for each
application.
Comments
anirudhsharma Highly Voted 2 years ago
Answer A
By creating separate access points for each application, you can enforce access controls specific to their respective prefixes while minimizing
administrative complexity. This approach provides a clean separation of permissions and reduces the risk of misconfigurations.
Options B, C, and D are not as efficient or straightforward:
Option B (S3 Batch Operations) involves setting ACL permissions for each object individually, which can be cumbersome and time-consuming.
Option C (replicating objects to new S3 buckets) introduces additional buckets and replication rules, increasing management overhead.
Option D (replicating objects and creating dedicated S3 access points) adds unnecessary complexity by combining replication and access point
creation.
upvoted 6 times
AMEJack Most Recent 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
"unique prefix for each application" hence access points. Also, ACL is not recommended by AWS.
upvoted 2 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. Create dedicated S3 access points and access point policies for each application.
upvoted 2 times
emakid 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Explanation:
S3 Access Points: These provide a way to manage access to shared data sets in Amazon S3. Each access point has a unique hostname and a policy
that is specific to the use case, allowing for granular control over access to data.
Access Point Policies: These policies can be tailored to restrict access to specific prefixes within an S3 bucket, ensuring that each application only has
access to its designated prefix.
upvoted 3 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
Answer B
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (85%)
B (15%)
Taking into consideration that we have "numerous applications" (10,100,1000?) and we need meet requirements with the LEAST operational overhead
I would go into authomatization of operations hence Batch Operations seems to be good choice.
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/storage/updating-amazon-s3-object-acls-at-scale-with-s3-batch-operations/
upvoted 1 times
f07ed8f 2 years ago
However, answer B need to set ACL for each OBJECT inside each S3... and the Batch operation has to be executed where there another new object
added to the S3. I am not sure the answer too : )
upvoted 2 times
Tomrr 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/access-points-policies.html
upvoted 4 times
trinh_le 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: B
Create an S3 Batch Operations job to set the ACL permissions for each object in the S3 bucket
upvoted 2 times
aditianand 2 years ago
I have 2 questions: Is a bacth process there to set ACL permissions. Secondly, they are asking with least operational overhead. Isnt A CORRECT?
upvoted 4 times