A company uses AWS to host its public ecommerce website. The website uses an AWS Global Accelerator accelerator for traffic
from the internet. The Global Accelerator accelerator forwards the traffic to an Application Load Balancer (ALB) that is the entry
point for an Auto Scaling group.
The company recently identified a DDoS attack on the website. The company needs a solution to mitigate future attacks.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST implementation effort?
A. Configure an AWS WAF web ACL for the Global Accelerator accelerator to block traffic by using rate-based rules
B. Configure an AWS Lambda function to read the ALB metrics to block attacks by updating a VPC network ACL
C. Configure an AWS WAF web ACL on the ALB to block traffic by using rate-based rules Most Voted
D. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the Global Accelerator accelerator
Comments
[Removed] Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C as AWS WAF cannot be used directly on global accelerator
upvoted 9 times
dragossky 1 year, 5 months ago
it can be used, but to block HTTP/HTTPS requests.
upvoted 1 times
nebajp Highly Voted 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Correct answer C.
Global Accelerator does not work with WAF as it is suitable for TCP/UDP where as WAF is integrates with Application Load Balancer which is on Layer
7 on OSI model, suitable for Web app (Http/Https)
upvoted 6 times
rpmaws Most Recent 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
WAF can be applied on ALB, API gateway or cloud front.
upvoted 5 times
sOI852POL 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Answer is C.
Note: AWS Global Accelerator itself doesn't support AWS WAF.
https://repost.aws/knowledge-center/globalaccelerator-aws-waf-filter-layer7-traffic
upvoted 5 times
dhewa 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Configuring the WAF directly on the Global Accelerator ensures that malicious traffic is blocked before it reaches the Application Load Balancer,
providing an additional layer of protection.
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (83%)
A (17%)
officedepotadmin 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Global Accelerator can be integrated with AWS WAF to provide protection at the edge, meaning malicious traffic can be blocked before it reaches
your Application Load Balancer (ALB) or other resources in your AWS environment.
upvoted 2 times
AWS_Debu 1 year, 9 months ago
Answer is A
AWS Global Accelerator (GA) can be used with AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF) to protect applications from web exploits and DDoS attacks:
Block HTTP method and header attacks
GA, WAF, and the Application Load Balancer can block access to Layer 7 HTTP method and headers. WAF uses web access control list (web ACL) rules
with the load balancer to evaluate incoming traffic and only forward requests that comply with the rules to the endpoint.
Detect and mitigate web application layer request floods
GA can protect web applications running on Application Load Balancer, and when used with WAF, it can also detect and mitigate web application
layer request floods.
Prevent DDoS attacks
upvoted 1 times
GOTJ 1 year, 4 months ago
Unfortunately, AWS WAF cannot protect such a resource, according to this link: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/waf-
chapter.html.
Currently supported resources are:
o Amazon CloudFront distribution
o Amazon API Gateway REST API
o Application Load Balancer
o AWS AppSync GraphQL API
o Amazon Cognito user pool
o AWS App Runner service
o AWS Verified Access instance
upvoted 1 times
komorebi 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer is A
upvoted 1 times