A solutions architect is creating an application that will handle batch processing of large amounts of data. The input data will be
held in Amazon S3 and the output data will be stored in a different S3 bucket. For processing, the application will transfer the data
over the network between multiple Amazon EC2 instances.
What should the solutions architect do to reduce the overall data transfer costs?
A. Place all the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group.
B. Place all the EC2 instances in the same AWS Region.
C. Place all the EC2 instances in the same Availability Zone. Most Voted
D. Place all the EC2 instances in private subnets in multiple Availability Zones.
Comments
FlyingHawk 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Data transfer within the zone is free, but cross-zone is not free:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/architecture/overview-of-data-transfer-costs-for-common-architectures/
upvoted 1 times
ckhemani 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
K. After research it seems C make sense since it is saying data transfer between EC2 and data transfter between two EC2 in AZ is free but not
between AZ's.
No cost within AZ: Data transfer between EC2 instances in the same AZ is free.
Cross-AZ charges: If you transfer data between instances in different Availability Zones, you will be charged for the inter-zone data transfer.
Region-based pricing: While data transfer within an AZ is free, data transfer across different regions may also incur charges
upvoted 3 times
ckhemani 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3 is repliacted only to 3 AZ's and you can't define AZ while creating the Bucket. If this Question would have said about Directory which is One Zone
express where you can define the AZ then it makes sense to select option C.
Option B makes sense to configure EC2 in same region since EC2/S3 transfer data between same region is free too.
upvoted 2 times
78b9037 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Two reasons:
1. EC2 instances in the same AZ can communicate with each other at no cost.
2. Data transfer between EC2 instances and S3 within the same AZ is free
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/architecture/overview-of-data-transfer-costs-for-common-architectures/
upvoted 2 times
sOI852POL 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: C
C
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (83%)
B (17%)
viejito 1 year, 8 months ago
Respuesta correcta C :
upvoted 2 times
aragon_saa 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Answer is C
upvoted 2 times