A company needs to implement a new data retention policy for regulatory compliance. As part of this policy, sensitive documents
that are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket must be protected from deletion or modification for a fixed period of time.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Activate S3 Object Lock on the required objects and enable governance mode.
B. Activate S3 Object Lock on the required objects and enable compliance mode. Most Voted
C. Enable versioning on the S3 bucket. Set a lifecycle policy to delete the objects after a specified period.
D. Configure an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval for the retention duration.
Comments
raghav2704 12 months ago
Selected Answer: B
we need the data to be protected from deletion, hence option B ( it protects from both versioning and deletion ) and ofcourse we dont want
governance mode ( option A )and option D is a sidetrack.
upvoted 1 times
Sarayounisaldossary 1 year, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: B
This is tricky between A and C but-- the question focused on compliance and FIXED Period of time... governance feature will let certain users to
override B
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: B
S3 Object Lock:
- This feature allows you to lock objects in an S3 bucket, preventing them from being deleted or modified for a specified retention period.
Compliance mode:
- When enabled, S3 Object Lock in compliance mode provides the most stringent protection, ensuring that once an object is locked, even the
account root user cannot delete or modify it, making it ideal for regulatory compliance scenarios where data must be preserved for a fixed period
upvoted 3 times
SmartGil2024 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The question says : : ''for a fixed period of time.", why not C ? Because the items can be deleted after this fix period of time./ with compliance mode -
no one can delete, it is true, but we need to also pay attention to the fixed period of time.
upvoted 1 times
JA2018 1 year, 6 months ago
While versioning helps maintain historical data, a lifecycle policy alone cannot guarantee that sensitive documents will not be deleted prematurely,
as it can be modified or deleted.
upvoted 1 times
komorebi 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Answer is B
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (88%)
13%
swati1508 1 year, 10 months ago
B compliance mode - no one can delete
upvoted 3 times
ccceb01 1 year, 9 months ago
Except god. lol
upvoted 2 times