A company uses an Amazon DynamoDB table to store data that the company receives from devices. The DynamoDB table
supports a customer-facing website to display recent activity on customer devices. The company configured the table with
provisioned throughput for writes and reads.
The company wants to calculate performance metrics for customer device data on a daily basis. The solution must have minimal
effect on the table's provisioned read and write capacity.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use an Amazon Athena SQL query with the Amazon Athena DynamoDB connector to calculate performance metrics on a
recurring schedule.
B. Use an AWS Glue job with the AWS Glue DynamoDB export connector to calculate performance metrics on a recurring
schedule. Most Voted
C. Use an Amazon Redshift COPY command to calculate performance metrics on a recurring schedule.
D. Use an Amazon EMR job with an Apache Hive external table to calculate performance metrics on a recurring schedule.
Comments
toyaji Highly Voted 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
DynamoDB export connector literally "exports" table snapshot to s3 as dynamoDB-json object, then process on it. So it does not affect on read /
write capacity on dynamoDB itself.
But Athena query directly on dynamoDB so affects on read / write capacity
upvoted 9 times
GOTJ Most Recent 1 year, 4 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The trick here is to avoid, by any means, interact with the original DynamoDB table because doing so would affect the provisioned capacity. Option
"B" is the only one that interacts with an EXPORTED COPY of the table. So, the question is: would provisioned capacity be affected by the DynamoDB
export process? The answer is: NO! (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/glue/latest/dg/aws-glue-programming-etl-connect-dynamodb-home.html):
"DynamoDB export to S3 allows you to export both full and incremental data from your DynamoDB table. Exports do not consume any read capacity
units (RCUs) and have no impact on table performance and availability"
upvoted 2 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
A - Athena allows you to use standard SQL, but it doesn't guarantee minimal impact on the table.
B - It minimizes direct read/write operations on the table because the exported data can be processed separately (for example, export to S3 then do
the processing).
C - Cool but there's no native connector to directly pull data from DynamoDB. You must export the data to S3 or another source first, adding
complexity.
D - EMR impacts throughput significantly.
upvoted 4 times
Anyio 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The correct answer is B. Use an AWS Glue job with the AWS Glue DynamoDB export connector to calculate performance metrics on a recurring
schedule.
Correct Answer: B
Community vote distribution
B (90%)
10%
Explanation:
Option B: Correct. AWS Glue offers an efficient method to extract, transform, and load (ETL) data from DynamoDB to Amazon S3, without affecting
the table’s provisioned throughput as significantly. Once data is in S3, it can be further processed or queried using AWS Glue or other analytics
services, without impacting DynamoDB's immediate R/W provisioning.
upvoted 2 times
rockyykrish 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Explanation:
Amazon Athena with DynamoDB Connector:
Athena is a serverless interactive query service that allows you to run SQL queries directly on data in various storage systems, including DynamoDB,
through the Athena DynamoDB connector.
This setup minimizes the impact on the provisioned read and write capacity of the DynamoDB table because the connector reads data efficiently
without directly querying the table.
Performance Metrics Calculation:
Athena provides SQL capabilities to compute performance metrics on the data fetched via the DynamoDB connector.
The queries can be scheduled using Amazon EventBridge or other automation tools to run daily.
Minimal Operational Overhead:
Athena requires no infrastructure to manage, making it a low-maintenance solution.
It is cost-effective since you pay only for the queries you run.
upvoted 1 times
tonybuivannghia 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
I think A is correct. We can query the data from DynamoDB by Amazon Athena DynamoDB connector directly, not via S3 Bucket.
upvoted 2 times
Salilgen 1 year, 5 months ago
You can query the data from DynamoDB by Amazon Athena DynamoDB connector directly but this effect on the table's provisioned read and write
capacity.
upvoted 1 times
tonybuivannghia 1 year, 7 months ago
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/athena/latest/ug/connectors-dynamodb.html
upvoted 1 times
spoved 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/accelerate-amazon-dynamodb-data-access-in-aws-glue-jobs-using-the-new-aws-glue-dynamodb-elt-
connector/
upvoted 3 times
JoeTromundo 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The DynamoDB export connector allows you to export data from DynamoDB to other storage solutions like Amazon S3 without consuming the
table's provisioned read capacity, ensuring minimal impact on the performance of the table.
upvoted 3 times
Bogey 1 year, 9 months ago
B.
Instead, the new AWS Glue DynamoDB export connector reads DynamoDB data from the snapshot, which is exported from DynamoDB tables. This
approach has following benefits:
It doesn’t consume read capacity units of the source DynamoDB tables
upvoted 2 times
AbhiBK 1 year, 9 months ago
To calculate performance metrics for customer device data on a daily basis with minimal effect on the table’s provisioned read and write capacity, the
best solution would be:
A. Use an Amazon Athena SQL query with the Amazon Athena DynamoDB connector to calculate performance metrics on a recurring schedule. This
approach allows you to run SQL queries directly on the data stored in DynamoDB without impacting the provisioned throughput, as Athena queries
are serverless and do not consume DynamoDB read or write capacity1.
upvoted 2 times
RealPro111 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
The right answer is B
upvoted 3 times
siheom 1 year, 9 months ago
VOTE B
upvoted 2 times
ksdpmx 1 year, 9 months ago
why is B wrong.. Glue DynamoDB export connector will read data from PITR instead of DynamoDB directly..
upvoted 2 times
dhewa 1 year, 9 months ago
I go with A
upvoted 2 times