A company currently runs an on-premises stock trading application by using Microsoft Windows Server. The company wants to
migrate the application to the AWS Cloud.
The company needs to design a highly available solution that provides low-latency access to block storage across multiple
Availability Zones.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST implementation effort?
A. Configure a Windows Server cluster that spans two Availability Zones on Amazon EC2 instances. Install the application on
both cluster nodes. Use Amazon FSx for Windows File Server as shared storage between the two cluster nodes.
B. Configure a Windows Server cluster that spans two Availability Zones on Amazon EC2 instances. Install the application on
both cluster nodes. Use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) General Purpose SSD (gp3) volumes as storage attached to
the EC2 instances. Set up application-level replication to sync data from one EBS volume in one Availability Zone to another
EBS volume in the second Availability Zone.
C. Deploy the application on Amazon EC2 instances in two Availability Zones. Configure one EC2 instance as active and the
second EC2 instance in standby mode. Use an Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP Multi-AZ file system to access the data by using
Internet Small Computer Systems Interface (iSCSI) protocol. Most Voted
D. Deploy the application on Amazon EC2 instances in two Availability Zones. Configure one EC2 instance as active and the
second EC2 instance in standby mode. Use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) volumes as
storage attached to the EC2 instances. Set up Amazon EBS level replication to sync data from one io2 volume in one
Availability Zone to another io2 volume in the second Availability Zone.
Comments
LeonSauveterre Highly Voted 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Keep in mind: WE NEED LOW LATENCY BLOCK STORAGE.
A - FSx for Windows File Server is not designed for block storage. It is optimized for shared file storage.
B - God this requires high implementation effort.
C - FSx for NetApp ONTAP supports block storage (via iSCSI) and provides Multi-AZ fault tolerance out of the box.
D - EBS io2 volumes with replication across AZs are hard and complex to configure and manage. Even if you think this is acceptable, still it's definitely
much harder than option C.
upvoted 7 times
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
I know it is almost correct to look for "FSx for Windows" when you spot "Microsoft Windows Server" in the question, but that's far from enough to
get the correct answer.
upvoted 1 times
Anyio Most Recent 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
The correct answer is C.
Explanation:
Option C: Correct. Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP provides a managed file storage solution that supports iSCSI protocol for block storage access,
enabling low-latency, highly available access to shared storage across multiple Availability Zones. This solution requires less implementation effort
Correct Answer: C
Community vote distribution
C (55%)
A (27%)
Other
because Amazon FSx manages the complex underlying multi-AZ configuration and data replication automatically.
Option A: Incorrect. While Amazon FSx for Windows File Server provides a managed shared storage solution, it is primarily used for SMB-based file
shares rather than block storage needs like those typically demanded by stock trading applications. Also, it might introduce additional latency for
block-level access.
upvoted 3 times
EllenLiu 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: C
block storage => FSx for NetApp ONTAP not only provides iSCSI(for block) support, but also offers comprehensive protocol support including SMB
and NFS.
upvoted 2 times
ARV14 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Fsx windows file server does not provide block storage, also Ontap provides very low latency and provides various compatible storage including
block
upvoted 1 times
rosanna 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: D
block means EBS, and I've searched but I don't see Fsx supporting shared block storage, not that I know of, and thinking about if it did exist, I would
cost more than a replica- both operationally and money wise. And mostly we don't need complex methods so I'd go for D
upvoted 1 times
ckhemani 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer A. Although they are looking for Block storage which is EBS but EBS can't be shared across two availabilty zones
.
Multi-Attach feature: While you can use the "Multi-Attach" feature to attach a single EBS volume to multiple instances within the same Availability
Zone, this does not allow sharing across different Availability Zones.
Configuring NETAPP is not least operational.
upvoted 1 times
Bwhizzy 1 year, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer is A.
Amazon FSx for Windows File Server provides fully managed shared storage designed for Windows workloads. It offers seamless integration with
Windows applications and supports Windows Server Failover Clustering (WSFC), making it the ideal choice for clustering applications.
High availability is provided as the cluster spans multiple Availability Zones, ensuring that the application continues to function in case of an AZ
failure.
Low-latency access to shared block storage is achievable with FSx, and it reduces the complexity compared to setting up replication between
multiple Amazon EBS volumes.
Least implementation effort: You don't need to manage block-level replication or create complex replication setups between AZs, as FSx for Window
File Server handles this automatically. It simplifies storage management and offers native Windows support.
upvoted 2 times
martinadurcakova1 1 year, 8 months ago
Using Amazon FSx for Windows File Server would not be the best solution, as the company requires block storage, not file storage.
D. Deploying the application on EC2 instances and using Amazon EBS Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) volumes with EBS-level replication is the solution
with the least implementation effort for the following reasons:
EBS volumes provide the required block storage for the application.
Using EBS-level replication to sync data between Availability Zones is a built-in feature, requiring less implementation effort compared to setting up
custom replication mechanisms.
Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) volumes ensure the low-latency access to the block storage required by the application.
By using Amazon EBS Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) volumes with EBS-level replication, the company can meet the requirements for high availability
and low-latency access to block storage with the least implementation effort.
upvoted 4 times
spoved 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: D
block storage -> B or D
io1, io2 support EBS Multi-Attach -> D
upvoted 3 times
HappyG 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: C
Key word in the question is block storage which eliminates A as a possibility. FSx for NetApp ONTAP provides low-latency block storage, multi-AZ
high availability, and requires the least implementation effort because it is a fully managed service with built-in replication and failover capabilities.
This makes it the most suitable and cost-effective option for the company's needs.
upvoted 2 times
trongod05 1 year, 8 months ago
Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP also provides shared block storage over the iSCSI and NVMe-over-TCP protocols. Seems to be a complete match
there.
upvoted 2 times
JoeTromundo 1 year, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
For those who are choosing option other than A: what part of "with the LEAST implementation effort" do you not understand?
upvoted 2 times
HappyG 1 year, 8 months ago
The part where it calls for block storage.
upvoted 2 times
ashishs174 1 year, 8 months ago
Answer is B
EFS is not Block Storage, EBS is.( Thus, A and C are out)
upvoted 1 times
rpmaws 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: C
due to this line in question "low-latency access to block storage" C looks appropriate.
upvoted 3 times
toyaji 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A - Windows cluster across two availability zones satisfies highly available condition and FSx satisfies storage access from multiple ec2 especially for
Windows server.
B - "Set up application-level replication to sync data" not for LEAST effort condition
C, D - "in standby mode" need to be activated manually so its not highly available
upvoted 2 times
elmyth 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: B
Block storage
upvoted 2 times
elmyth 1 year, 9 months ago
Changed for C, bc application-level replication is more difficult to implement.
upvoted 2 times
dhewa 1 year, 9 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Windows = FSX
upvoted 2 times