A company has an application that customers use to upload images to an Amazon S3 bucket. Each night, the company launches
an Amazon EC2 Spot Fleet that processes all the images that the company received that day. The processing for each image takes
2 minutes and requires 512 MB of memory.
A solutions architect needs to change the application to process the images when the images are uploaded.
Which change will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Use S3 Event Notifications to write a message with image details to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue.
Configure an AWS Lambda function to read the messages from the queue and to process the images. Most Voted
B. Use S3 Event Notifications to write a message with image details to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue.
Configure an EC2 Reserved Instance to read the messages from the queue and to process the images.
C. Use S3 Event Notifications to publish a message with image details to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
topic. Configure a container instance in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to subscribe to the topic and to
process the images.
D. Use S3 Event Notifications to publish a message with image details to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
topic. Configure an AWS Elastic Beanstalk application to subscribe to the topic and to process the images.
Comments
aesopx39078 Highly Voted 1 year, 11 months ago
Congratulations! Once again, You made it!
upvoted 14 times
Scheldon Highly Voted 2 years ago
Selected Answer: A
Answer A
I would go with Lambda and SQS.
when using SQS we will be sure that all images will be processed and hence to process we need 2 min and 512 MB of memory (Lambda is allowing
upto 15 min and upto10K MB) Lambda should be perfect scalable solution which will allow for almost in real time image processing.
upvoted 8 times
Scheldon 2 years ago
and it is cost effective ;)
upvoted 2 times
kevindu Most Recent 1 year, 10 months ago
Is there anyone who has recently passed the exam who can tell me approximately how many of the original questions are in the actual exam?
upvoted 4 times
muhammadahmer36 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. Use S3 Event Notifications to write a message with image details to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Configure an AWS
Lambda function to read the messages from the queue and to process the images.
upvoted 2 times
DanielWuTRT 1 year, 11 months ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
Selected Answer: A
We made it to the last one! Good luck!
upvoted 5 times
NSA_Poker 1 year, 11 months ago
Selected Answer: A
(B) is eliminated. Reserved instances are more expensive than Spot Fleet.
(C) is eliminated. Container instance more expensive than Lambda. SQS needed NOT SNS.
(D) is eliminated. Elastic Beanstalk is more expensive than Spot Fleet. SQS needed NOT SNS.
(A) is correct. It's the most cost effective service & the scope of its capabilities are within the requirements.
upvoted 5 times
trinh_le 2 years, 1 month ago
Selected Answer: A
less than 5 minutes -> use lambda
upvoted 6 times