A company has applications that run in an organization in AWS Organizations. The company outsources operational support of
the applications. The company needs to provide access for the external support engineers without compromising security.
The external support engineers need access to the AWS Management Console. The external support engineers also need
operating system access to the company’s fleet ofAmazon EC2 instances that run Amazon Linux in private subnets.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST securely?
A. Confirm that AWS Systems Manager Agent (SSM Agent) is installed on all instances. Assign an instance profile with the
necessary policy to connect to Systems Manager. Use AWS IAM Identity Center to provide the external support engineers
console access. Use Systems Manager Session Manager to assign the required permissions. Most Voted
B. Confirm that AWS Systems Manager Agent (SSM Agent) is installed on all instances. Assign an instance profile with the
necessary policy to connect to Systems Manager. Use Systems Manager Session Manager to provide local IAM user credentials
in each AWS account to the external support engineers for console access.
C. Confirm that all instances have a security group that allows SSH access only from the external support engineers’ source IP
address ranges. Provide local IAM user credentials in each AWS account to the external support engineers for console access.
Provide each external support engineer an SSH key pair to log in to the application instances.
D. Create a bastion host in a public subnet. Set up the bastion host security group to allow access from only the external
engineers’ IP address ranges. Ensure that all instances have a security group that allows SSH access from the bastion host.
Provide each external support engineer an SSH key pair to log in to the application instances. Provide local account IAM user
credentials to the engineers for console access.
Comments
LeonSauveterre 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A - It leverages AWS-managed solutions that simplify operations, enhance security, and meet the requirement for both console and OS-level access,
while avoiding the pitfalls of SSH-based access or local user management, so this is what we're looking for.
B - Providing local IAM user credentials increases operational overhead and security risks. Managing these credentials across multiple AWS accounts
can lead to inconsistency and potential vulnerabilities.
C - Allowing SSH access via security groups and distributing SSH key pairs introduces significant security risks. Keys could be lost or misused, and
managing IP address ranges is not a piece of cake.
D - Bastion hosts require ongoing maintenance and monitoring to ensure security, which is unnecessary with Session Manager.
upvoted 2 times
EllenLiu 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
B: I believe the Session Manager may not have the capability to provide IAM user credentials. If it were to do so, it could potentially lead to security
concerns.
upvoted 1 times
Cpso 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A or B. Exam not tell if they have IDP and no. of outsource.
upvoted 2 times
Changwha 1 year, 6 months ago
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
A: This solution minimizes the attack surface by eliminating the need for SSH access, avoids bastion hosts, and provides secure, auditable, and
federated access to AWS resources.
upvoted 2 times
swati1508 1 year, 10 months ago
A use MSM
upvoted 2 times
officedepotadmin 1 year, 10 months ago
Selected Answer: A
Systems Manager Session Manager allows secure, auditable, and controlled access to your EC2 instances without needing to open SSH ports or
manage SSH keys, reducing the attack surface.
Local IAM user credentials are less secure and harder to manage at scale compared to using IAM Identity Center.
upvoted 3 times