Topic 1Question #116
Which fully managed AWS service assists with the creation, testing, and management of custom Amazon EC2 images?
A. EC2 Image Builder Most Voted
B. Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
C. AWS Launch Wizard
D. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
Comments
tastatura 1 year, 2 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. EC2 Image Builder is a fully managed service that helps you automate the creation, testing, and distribution of custom Amazon EC2 images
B. Amazon Machine Image (AMI) - is not a service, it's the image used to launch EC2 instances.
C. AWS Launch Wizard is a tool that helps you easily set up complex applications on AWS—like SQL Server, SAP. Not for building or managing EC2
images.
D. AWS Elastic Beanstalk is a service for deploying and scaling web applications and services. It's not for building EC2 images.
upvoted 1 times
Amin_013 1 year, 5 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A. EC2 Image Builder simplifies the creation, maintenance, validation, sharing, and deployment of Linux or Windows images for use with Amazon EC2
and on-premises."
upvoted 1 times
Yak_Yeti 1 year, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A
Launch Wizard then identifies the right AWS resources, such as EC2 instances and EBS volumes, to deploy and run your application. Launch Wizard
provides an estimated cost of deployment, and lets you modify your resources to instantly view an updated cost assessment. Once you approve the
AWS resources, Launch Wizard automatically provisions and configures the selected resources to create a fully-functioning, production-ready
application. AWS Launch Wizard also creates CloudFormation templates that can serve as a baseline to accelerate subsequent deployments.
AWS Elastic Beanstalk is a service designed to simplify the deployment and management of web applications and services. It allows developers to
focus on writing code without worrying about the underlying infrastructure. Elastic Beanstalk handles the details of capacity provisioning, load
balancing, scaling, and application health monitoring
upvoted 1 times
db97 2 years, 6 months ago
Selected Answer: A
EC2 Image Builder is a fully-managed AWS service that makes it easier to automate the creation, management, and deployment of customized,
secure, and up-to-date “golden” server images that are pre-installed and pre-configured with software and settings to meet specific IT standards.
upvoted 2 times
asdfcdsxdfc 2 years, 7 months ago
Selected Answer: A
A is correct
Used to automate the creation of Virtual Machines or container images
• => Automate the creation, maintain, validate and test EC2 AMIs
• Can be run on a schedule (weekly, whenever packages are updated, etc…)
• Free service (only pay for the underlying resources)
upvoted 2 times
Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
IT认证轻松过    淘宝: https://shop542998714.m.taobao.com    闲鱼: https://www.goofish.com/personal?userId=2645260430    微信: Examtopics
isaphiltrick 2 years, 8 months ago
Selected Answer: A
"EC2 Image Builder simplifies the creation, maintenance, validation, sharing, and deployment of Linux or Windows images for use with Amazon EC2
and on-premises."
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/image-builder/faqs/
upvoted 4 times
IT认证轻松过    淘宝: https://shop542998714.m.taobao.com    闲鱼: https://www.goofish.com/personal?userId=2645260430    微信: Examtopics